At a gathering I found myself involuntarily sitting next to two people who expressed opinions that I considered very low and discriminating.
When I found a bristle in the liver paste tube.
When one finds out that someone you know is not at all like one had thought, for instance friends who steal and things like that, quite unwarranted.
Friends who torture animals.
When I nearly walked on a blindworm and then saw it crawl away.
A drunkard fell, started bleeding and wet himself.  Disgust that turned into sadness-unpleasantness.
When one learns through the mass media all the wars and killing going on in the world.
When I had just moved into my new appartment I found a ventilator in the kitchen.  I was going to clean it when I found that the drum was full of mud and slime.  I felt disgusted.
I saw a cripple in rags with small children in Italy.  He was probably an imposter.
I found some worms in the food and I had obviously eaten some.
When an alcoholic stood dribbling over a food counter.
A bad smelling cucumber.
It was when I read a newspaper article on the future and they foresaw that we would be eating frog-burgers by the year 2000.  An illustration showed a frog between two pieces of bread.
When someone makes advances that one does not want.
When a dog is left whining outside a shop.
While walking in town I noticed how the police harrassed a man who was under the influence of alcohol.  They terrified him with the thought of arrest by driving close behind him on a pedestrian street.  My disgust was directed at the gestures and the facial expressions of the policemen; they seemed to be enjoying themselves.
At a Sm÷rgasbord table, a man mixed differnet kinds of picked herrings with fruit salad.
When I was weeding the garden I found a lizard in my hand.
When I saw a picture, in the Gothenburg Post, of a totally demolished car with two fatally injured passengers.  The car was so badly damaged that they couldn't get the bodies out at the scene of the accident.
Grovelling people.
Observing someone in the cafeteria noisily gulping in his food, having extremely bad manners.
I felt some disgust for my boyfriend for a time, after he had left me.
Nothing.
Not applicable.
In the tram there was a fat, sickly looking woman in front of me who was asking for directions in a thick voice.  When she got up to go a disgusting smell of urine came from her.  I felt that I would choke.
My superior at the summer job swindled customers as much as he could, and once put me in a difficult situation after which I could not but detest him.
At the underground station, a drunkard came to speak to me.  He tried to ask me something but I did not answer so he began to speak about me with his companion.  I detested this dirty growling man.
In the evening, while I was watching TV, my little brother came in and started eating food he had brought from the kitchen while I was trying to concentrate on the program.
Out of sheer curiosity, I went to see a pornographic movie in Copenhagen.  The room was full of men, who panted and masturbated.  Very disgusting.
[ Normally I do not feel disgusted.]
Dog dirt which thaws in the spring.
[ Can not think of any situation.]
[ Can not remember.]
If a guy one is not interested in makes advances.
Someone vomited on the street.
When I saw a dog which had been knocked down by a car.
When I was on holiday someone vomited in front of me.
I was forced to stay in the canteen and eat the food that I had not asked for but got it anyway.
In a warm bus full of people, someone vomited and the whole bus stank.
When I read a newspaper article on a young girl who had been raped and assaulted one night by several men when she was unconscious.
When I slept with a guy because my best friend wanted me to.  He had never had intercourse with anyone and had a terrible complex about it.
When a member of the family complains about the food that is served, it disgusts me.
When I was working as a nurse in a mental hospital, a patient ate up the contents of another patient's spitoon.
At a certain person's lack of cleanliness, at home and personally.
My parents attitude towards each other when they should become reconciled, despite my father's long-time addiction.
When I was about to clean the draining board and saw it looked underneath the sink (I live in a students hostel).
A mother who shouts at her child for nothing.
When I saw a big spider from very close.
The first time that I saw a surgeon cut off a leg and put it in a black rubbish bag.
T.V features showing the violation of defenceless people.
Spit and vomit.
A study visit to a chicken factory : the butchery, the smell, the environment and the noise.
When programmes on violence or pornography are shown on T.V.
A film were a woman was attacked and raped.  One did not see the worst but it had the desired effect - very strong.
When my cat vomited and a worm came out which was still alive.  I was forced to wipe it up.
Disgust is a feeling that I have never experienced with peoplie but , on the other hand, it has been with repulsive animals, i;e snakes on T.V.
At the police centre a man between 40-50 was brought in.  He was very drunk and in all likelihood had not slept indoors for a long time and had relieved himself in his trousers.
I had some sort of a stomach virus last week and  I vomited in college in the morning, then in the cake shop, three times during the trip home and again when I got home.
When I think now about the way my father behaved when filing a divorce.
When I tried to explain to my child as to why there were magazines wiith naked girls on them at the kiosk.
When I saw a T.V programme on animals in the film world (mistreated and used).
When I read racist slogans on the walls.
When I was an auxiliary nurse at the hospital and I had to change the nappies, for the first time, of a very old and sick woman.
When I woke up one morning and went to the kitchen I discovered that our dog had diarrhoea.  There were small "piles" all over the floor and the smell was choking.
The lift of Stockholm central station stank of vomit and urine.
I was dominated by a certain person and even though I knew it I could not change my own reactions.
A friend unjustly put the blame on me to relieve his conscience and also spread lies for the same purpose.
When I discovered that the house we had hired in Tonga was full of cockroaches.
 The smell of garlic in rush-hour bus.
I happened to see the video-tape movie "This is America - Part one" at my friend's place.
During the week-end at home, my mother fries greasy and unhealthy meat dishes which make me feel sick.
When I went home by train from Sicilia, I was molested by a man.
A friend's boy-friend treated her very badly, let her serve him, provoked her and just utilized her.
It was in a tramway-carriage: A stranger insulted a girl just because she blew her nose. I detested his behaviour.
I came across a group of people with the same basic ideas/beliefs who were all fighting and going against what they would say was good.
During a movie in which I saw the effect of white settlers in Africa.
At what I was capable of of selfishly using others for sexual encounters, while I held a vision of having a deepening above-board (you know, "girl next door") devotion to a girl in my head. My drives and actions did not match this so consequently I felt disgusted at my failure.
I work part-time as a shop-assistant and a customer spoke to me very loudly about an Indian man & white woman with children - how horrible that was and would I want to have little dark children.
Coming home one night - my sister was home, and had been drinking heavily and started picking arguments.
When I saw all the starving people in Ethiopia on T.V.  It felt awful to see such suffering.
When my uncle comes (3 times a year) for the traditional Christmas dinner with my grandparents and other relatives and is very drunk.
Very intoxicated men who incite each other to fight.   I met a vile smelling man on the tram who got closer and closer to me till I got up, then he got angry.
I worked in a harbour and emptied latrine containers from the back of the lorries.
When I was a young teenager (14)  my brother-in-law to be had made heavy advances to me.  I did not understand very well what it was all about but I reacted strongly and the feelings are still there.
I had intercourse with someone and then I realized that what I had done was wrong and it disgusted me.
Helping older people on the toilet.
I was present when they found a shop-keeper dead in his shop.  He had been shot with a shotgun at close range.
When I was touring Asia with my present football team, I saw old Europeans with young asiatic prostitutes.
With my mouth full of bun, I drank directly from a packet of milk which turned out to be weeks old (completely separated).  It took a while for the milk to seep through the bun.
At an anti-pornography meeting, when samples from films and magazines were shown.
NO RESPONSE.
My boss on the job failed to keep his promise about something he knew was extremely important to me.
When my mother's new husband treated her and my brothers and sisters badly.
Slaughtering of animals.
Can't describe any disgust situation.
When I learned that a relative had been spreading rumours about me.
There is a certain person, whom I only have seen. He makes me cringe, feel disgust.
Was confronted with a person having negative thoughts of other people because of their social status, beliefs, color and outlook on life (perspective).
In a public swimming hall I saw a very aggressive man who practically attacked the children who got in his way when he was swimming.
This is difficult, since I don't remember feeling disgust towards anyone.
The murder of two girls on a school trip to Berlin (and sexual crimes generally) a couple of years ago.
Some people were unfairly treated, because of their nationality/colour.
Close friends talking badly of other friends.
Political and military trnsgressions around the world, generally speaking. This cannot be described through this questionaire.
Doesn't apply.
Can't remember having had this feeling.
Having been unjustly punished, I feel disgust towards the person responsible.
Reading about executions and massacres which happened during World War II, I felt disgust towards those who did it.
When people manipulate others through appearing better than what they really are.
Quarreling with my father, when he made false assertions.
Can't remember any episode of disgust.
Outside a night club, a grown man was sitting on top of a younger woman, beating her up.
Can't remember any such feelings now.
The sadistinc exacution of a student in the USA.
Seeing a pornographic film when looking for a place to live.
Maltreatment of children.
I feel disgust towards those who are responsible for the death of others.
Overeating a traditional type of food - blood pudding.
Does not apply.
A teacher gave me lower grades than I was entitled to, and was hoping for.
When a "friend" dropped a frog down my neck, and I didn't know what it was.
I had a discussion with my wife about an over-weight acquaintance of our's, about her eating habits and the scars caused by her pregnancy.
A saturday night a bus full of drunken people.
As a child, when I saw an "unesthetic" sight.
We were at a hamburger bar and a man at a table nearby started coughing and spitting into his plate.
On Reperbahn, in a restaurant, a "charming" old saleswoman came to beg a drink for herself.
In the army, an acquaintance of mine tended to use his position to advance his own interests.
When I saw hundreds of snakes twisting over one another in a movie.
A rich man expressing disgust towards an alcoholic.
In the bus I was sitting next to a colleage who was drunk and behaved in keeping with his state.
A too eager approach by a dirty drunken person in a bus.
When I noticed that a nice person was being exploited economically.
At my grandmother's detestable and selfish conduct towards my elder sister, although her behavior was due to senility and lack of understanding.
Spoilt, smashed and molded potatoes in the fridge, and having to clean up the dish later.
My parents inherited an appartment and this made them behave in a peculiar manner.
I felt disgusted at the environment while getting back to my student lodging. I did not see anything in the suburb which had been planned by taking people's comfort into account.
In the army, I had been in hospital for two weeks and as soon as I returned to the company, a sergeant ordered me to fetch a load on the tractor trailer.
I was travelling in a local train when a drunkard, smelling terribly, entered the same carriage and started eating fish that was stinking.
When an untidy and heavyly drunk person made endeavours to approach me.
When a friend of mine got drunk and started to blame and scorn my other friends and me.
The male friend of my mother (a widow) moved in to live with us.  I did not like the man.
A series about Freud was shown on TV.  In it, a tampon had been set in the nose of a woman, and forgotten there.  After great pain it was taken off (close-up picture), the woman was bleeding from the nose and the mouth.
[ The same as in anger.]
Watching a violent movie.
When an acquaintance of mine told me about the way his parents treated their sons in an unequal manner.  The most successful of them got continuous encouragement, and the youngest was not encouraged and was rejected.
In a film, there was an episode where they used a chain saw to cut a man.  I could not look at it, but I could not avoid listening either.  I sought shelter in my boyfriend's arms.
When an acquaintance (he was drunk) of my room-mate vomitted on the kitchen carpet.  It was past mid-night and my room-mate had just moved in, this acquaintance had helped her move in.
When an unpleasant person tried to make friends with me.  A subtle, small, insignificant, grey being whose helplessness and neutrality evoked the feeling of disgust in me.
A friend of mine came to see me when he was quite drunk.
I detested my father who was a drunkard.  He would rave, threaten and blame my mother and me.  He finally drove us away from home.
When I was watching a movie with many violent episodes.  They accurately showed the cutting of corpses, etc...
My life-partner is going through a crisis (way of life, old-fashioned values) and can only get out of it by talking bold decisions.  I have noticed his cowardice and attempts to escape his problems by drinking.  I detest his drinking and his being full of self-pity.
A man spat on the wall of a house.
While reading Olli Jalonen's new book, the distant, cold and selfish relationships between people (in the book) made me feel disgusted.
A very drunk person.
[ When some people act very important in any situation.]
My mother called me because she had read through the enveloppe a letter addressed to me.  She denied having read it intentionally and said "the words just popped out through the enveloppe as the sun was shining on it". Hah Hah.
On a trip abroad, a lady-like member of our group turned out to be an alcoholic.  She spoilt many days of my holidays because of her behaviour and paranoia.
While watching the movie called "Deer hunter" on TV, when it showed how prisoners were treated.
When I heard about the advances an acquaintance of mine had made to my friends, who did not approve of them.
A nightmare.  I was dreaming about bloodsuckers, which I tried to shake off from my body, they are everywhere, they get glued, they suck.  And there are a lot of them.  I panic.
While walking on the street with a good friend of mine, we met an acquaintance of hers.  My friend started showing off and telling false stories about herself and praising herself.
After the first of May, I detested my fiance's friends, who had piled on to our party and spoilt it completely.
When I saw a spider.
Once again, my life partner came back home drunk at midnight.
In the morning, the cat of my landlady had vomited on the floor, near the staircase I take to go to the bathroom.
At school, I detested the spinach gruel which had lumps of flour in it.
When I noticed two spiders running on the floor in different directions.
The disgust I feel towards a certain person.
A man tried to have sexual intercourse with me, though I had communicated my unwillingness.  Later on, I felt disgust at that person as well as myself because I had partly submitted.
In a lift a drunken, fat and untidy man tried to make advances at me.
When I was working, I got treated in a way which I felt was not democratic.
I happened to see two boys fighting, one of them fell down and hurt his head.  The other one used this to spank the head of the 
boy on the ground.
I once watched the series called "Dynasty" on TV, and I detested it.
One of my fellow students used questionable and unfair means to advance her studies faster than others.  I detested her.
While travelling in a bus, there were three people sitting behind me (two men and a woman).  They were drunk and the conversation was unbelievable (about fucking, fellatio, etc...).  They tried to get others to take part in the conversation.  I loathed it and felt like crying.
I was on my way home by bus.  A man who had drunk a fair amount of alcohol started talking, trying to hug and pat a woman sitting next to him.  Fortunately it was not me.
I heard somebody talk about studies in a highly enthusiastic "student-like" way.
The behaviour of a fellow towards me and some others in the army was really mean.  I detested this.
Yesterday in the elevator a man started smoking, this is something I just can not tolerate.
I saw a movie called "The Thing", the film directed by John Carpenter.  The monster in the film made me feel disgusted.
When I saw our computer teacher.
When I was still a child, I saw a horror film on TV in which there was a rotten human skull.
Father said: If you are pregnant, you will have to procure abortion. I was filled with disgust against my father.
A gigantic spider climbed over my face and what is more - in my own flat.
Scuffle in a carriage of the underground in Vienna, three drunk men thrashed a man in a wheel chair - I watched the scene from another carriage.
Eco-activists demonstrated against a project to build a power station at the Danube in the middle of a lowland forest (Hainburg) and the government decided to delay it for another year. When my father heard about it, he said that we needed another Hitler.
In broad daylight I saw an untidy old man pissing and playing with his penis in the middle of the town.
I read a book about the sexual phantasies of women; I read about a woman having sexual intercourse with a dog.
When I entered the dissecting room for the first time. I think I felt disgusted mainly because of the bad smell of formaline.
Old man in hospital, hollow-cheeked, only one half of his nose and glass-eye, rattling breath.
Several weeks ago, I had problems with friends, I felt disgusted by a friend.
On a trip I passed by a cellulose factory. It was a fine day, beautiful landscape; I observed this factory with disgust.
In a certain book I read about cruelties and violence in prison and souteneur circles; I felt especially disgusted when I read detailed descriptions of physical and mental torture of less powerful people.
A friend prepared a soup with chicken heads and invited me to eat it. I saw the eyes staring at me and the tongues hanging out of the bills. I was so disgusted that I felt nausea and had to leave the room.
A drunken man forced me to kiss him.
A friend told me how he managed to win the sympathy of as many people as possible. He said he first listened to what they said and then he tried to only say things they would like to hear. He would never express his own opinion. I felt really disgusted when he told that.
When I stayed in the house of friends, I washed my face and wanted to dry it with a towel. This towel seemed to have been used over a long time already. It smelled indefinably awful.
In school I had difficulties mith mathematics. When I had to work for an examination, I really felt disgusted.
I saw a physically handicapped young man whose spittle ran out of his mouth while speaking.
During a football game, another player who was perspiring very strongly ran into me.
I read a book about the situation in South-Africa, about the terrible violations of human rights. I was disgusted with the white population.
A drunk man attacked his wife and wanted to humiliate her by insulting her. Then he turned violent and started to beat her in front of her child. She left it happen without saying a word in order not to make things worse. I watched the scene and tried to calm the man, but without success. Just because he was stronger we had to comply. From that day I detested him.
I watched the news at the TV, it was a commentary about "Hainburg". I felt disgusted when I heard members of the union speak about the situation.
A friend was assaulted by a young man on her way home.
At school a classmate who was a very good pupil had to help another boy who performed less well. He told him on purpose the wrong things so that he had to repeat a year.
When I was younger I often saw my father come home drunk (he had big problems at that time). Once he woke me up in the middle of the night and shouted at me.
One day, when I was twelve years old, my brother took some slimy substance swimming on the surface of a pot of vinegar made of cider and threatened to throw it at me.
When I listened to a conversation of friends talking about the power of money.
I read about a monk who had been murdered and put into a barrel which was filled with blood of pigs.
At a discussion a friend took a "faschistic view", what I had not expected.
Some time ago a girl tried to make me up without any action of my part. She used all possible means. Although I behaved refusingly she did not give up for a longer time.
When a boy had continued to use foul language and swearing in front of a group of my friends.
No very strong such emotion. Treatment of my sister by her dancing instructor - he is a "user", i.e., takes advantage of her good nature.
On boat trip - saw mother giving young child (aprox 6-7 years) cigarettes.
People spitting in railway stations.
I assisted to a scene where the police attacked a person that didn't have his documents. The savagery was too much, and the attacked person bleeded to much.
The acts of brutal violence in generally disgusts me. Fights, phisical aggrssion, etc.
In a sexual experience with an unknown woman where after the sexual act I only could go away without looking backwards.
When I saw a woman subjugated by money and not being able to hide how she hated herself for not having the will power to get out of such a situation because it was convenient, according to what she told me.
My brother caught a spider and let his frog eat it.
I have a horror of spiders and snakes. On a walk through the wood I saw the body of a slow-worm (without the head).
I went out with my sister, her boyfriend and his friend. I did not like this young man. But suddenly he overcame me and kissed me. He was very strong so that I could not defend myself.
When I was molested by an old drunk man.
At the butcher's I saw an animal which had just been slaughtered; blood was dripping on the floor.
When I attended school, our class visited an institution for mentally and physically handicapped persons. Although I tried to control my feelings, I was disgusted.
At a party I met a girl who drew me to her, told me some nonsense and always wanted to kiss me.
I was sitting in a station-hall and watching a lavatory attendant. She was very dirty. She started to eat something out of a dirty cup - it must have been something like lard. Then she took some breadcrumbs out of the pockets of her apron and ate them. I had to leave - I felt like vomitting. 
When I watched a report about El Salvador on TV, I saw people who had been murdered by terrible methods.
I studied medicine for several semesters. I was always disgusted when we had the dissecting-course. I cannot understand why some persons like this course.
On my way to a concert I went with a man who tried to molest me. At that moment I did not care much but now the impression fills me with disgust.
A man whom I like, was drunk and tried to molest me.
A friend of mine was telling jokes which I felt to be very disgusting, especially because I was eating.
Several years ago I stayed with friends in the mountains for one week. We lived in a hut and had to cook for ourselves. One day my friend did not succeed in preparing spaghetti. That dinner was terrible - nevertheless we all ate rather much and had an improper and unsavoury conversation.
Whenever I see a spider or a snake I feel disgusted.
On TV I saw a report about church in Amerika. A priest was shown who was performing miracles in front of the camera - I felt disgusted.
When a very near person got into an awkward situation but showed only helplessness and indecision.
When I got indecent offers.
In cinema I saw a film which showed how a person was torn out his guts when he was still alive.
Normally my father never tells vulgar jokes, we do not speak about sexual things, too. But once he told such a vulgar joke, that I was really disgusted. He did not tell me, but some of his friends, but I was present.
I had a quarrel with a friend who lived with me in the same flat. He moved out. Before he went he invited me and some friends for a drink. At last he was totally drunk and smelled disgusting. Besides, he told lies about us and behaved as if he was to be pitied.
I was insulted without a reason by a drunk man.
When my grandmother was about 80 years old, she lived with us for several years. I saw her illness. I did not even want to breath the air that smelled of her presence.
When I was a child, I was sometimes forced to eat things that disgusted me.
After a pleasant evening with friends in my flat, one of them did not want to leave, because he wanted to sleep with me. He said that he had fallen in love with me, that he felt alone and so on.
When I worked at the life-saving sevice and saw the first exitus.
When I was in the army, we got a certain dish for dinner that I do not like at all. We were not obliged to eat, but I was very hungry.
When I worked at the life-saving service I was disgusted by a patient whose outward appearance was distasteful.
I read about a murderer who brutalized his victims by cutting open their stomaches and taking out their bowels.
When I was walking on the street, I slipped on the dung of a dog. I did not fall down, but I felt disgusted by the bad smell on my sole.
A drunk man bumped into me and wanted to grip me. Fortunately I was able to break loose.
I saw a drunk man tottering behind his wife and insulting her awfully.
On my way home in the middle of the night I saw a drunk man and a woman who were quarreling, beating each other, shouting and so on. I felt disgusted especially because they treated each other in such a degrading way.
At a party I saw two persons having a fight. The aggressions and the hate between these persons produced an unpleasant impression on me.
When I heard about a murder of a 16-year-old girl.
3 years ago I served in the army. Once a collegue denounced me because of a delict, which is usually committed. I was arrested for 3 days. I still detest this man.
I think I have hardly had a situation where I felt disgusted. Perhaps once, when I saw a big spider.
Accidentally seeing a friend in a compromising situation with a stranger.
The price I was charged for work on my car.
A friend once reacted childishly (he is 23 yearrs old) to my not responding in his favour to a request, that is: he asked me for some money I refused, and his reaction was quite childish.
At a social event when none of the guests would help to serve food or clear tables. It was all beneath them.
A colleague and I were sitting on a bench next to an old man in a shopping centre. the old man coughed and spluttered somewhat, then with his fingers removed the resultant phlegm and mucous from his mouth, and transferred it onto the armrest of the bench.
When I heard about the way a parent of a friend had mistreated him, and caused a great instability.
Disgust at a girl I know for continually feeling sorry for herself and never acting positively to do something about her problems.
I realised that someone was insidiously attempting to shit me off I was disgusted with him for doing so, because I afforded him with no excuse to do so.
Disgust with myself for consistently making foolish errors in communicating with others (asking for 1/2 Kg of nuts when I only wanted 50 g).
I discovered some pornographic literature in a workmates drawers. The literature featured pictures of naked women defecating on one another.
A girl with whom I was staying having sex with a person for about 3 nights running, and then with his brother the following night, and back again.
Disgust with oneself after being intoxicated enough to go to bed with a stranger.
When my father revealed inconsistent morals.
A lecturer in great detail spoke about his sexual experiences.
Viewing the nuclear war film "Threads".
When I became aware that an acquaintance had stolen from friends.
A female friend was violently ill on the return journey from a wedding reception we attended. Getting her out of the car when home took quite a while.
When after a party celebrating a friend's 21st birthday - upon leaving I found 10 people outside throwing up and further 4 unconscious.
We had friends to dinner and one of them threw a beer bottle in the air, and it bounced on an expensive table and damaged the table .The person did not apologise.
Discovering a good friend had lied to me, resulting in a detrimental relationship with another person.
When I found out some family friends were embezzelling the company they worked for - using company petrol and food supplies and claiming furniture and crockery.
Someone ruining someone's property just for the fun of it.
Was picking up my father from work and on passing through the Valley watched three prostitutes walk up and down waiting for someone to pick them up. Clothing was disgusting.
When I heard that one of my good friends, when at a party, had got herself involved with some very undesirable characters and was experimenting with drugs.
While watching a film of an experimental operation on a cat's brain in which the cat had metal pieces protruding from its eyes, mouth etc. to keep the head stable while being cut open.
At school, when the only thing people my age could think of was getting rolling drunk. They couldn't have a good time without firstly getting drunk.
During the PY 102 film session on Tuesday, one of the films shown  was of an experiment on a live cat involving strapping it into a machine for possibly days, and doing things to its brain.
At a party where the boys were telling revolting stories about the girls they'd been with.
At my father, when he yelled and accused my sister's friend (over the phone) of doing something he didn't do, or know anything about.
A situation where I ignored my beliefs and principles for a trip of whimsy.
Hearing of a filthy situation over the phone.
At a night club watching little tarts trying to earn a living.
When I have seen people very drunk and making fools of themselves.
When walking along the beach with my boyfriend, we saw 2 people having sex on the sand dunes in full view of everyone. It was the fact that they chose that area in which to have sex, that disgusted me.
I stayed at the Coast for a weekend with friends. My brother came to drive me home, but was rude, and in a hurry to rejoin his friends. I was embarrassed because the family involved was extremely nice, and hospitable to him.
When I saw a male engineer one year and came back to find he was now a female (I don't know it/them personally).
Person talking about a situation while eating.
On a camp - boys and girls in one cabin. One guy forced himself upon another girl and was having intercourse, while the girl in the bunk beneath was pretending to be asleep and not be ill.
Doctors ignored relative who complained about pain, and is now dying of cancer.
A person that eat half of a cockroach in a cake without knowing it.
To be kissed by soembody I didn't expect to.
When I see all the putridness of people. The fact is the catarrh and spits that whash the streets of S.Paulo.
To go through the underground way at suburb station of LAPA. Poor people and the ambulants badly dressed up in a passage badly kept.
A dirty person, smelling bad and unknown laying on me.
An acquaintance of mine revealed himself in a light unexpected to me.
When I was watching some scenes from the Bertoluchi's film "Twentieth Century".
When I happen to witness some sadistic acts.
I was on a walk with my child when I met a drunk woman.
Disgust with a subordinate.
Someone smoking on Electric train (Electric trains are non-smoking) with alcohol smell coming from person.  
When one of my parents verbally, personally abused the other.
Being in a Malaysian city with my girlfriend coming out of a picture theatre - seeing her rush up to a taxi that a very old sick man was trying to get to. Seeing her take over the taxi.
When a friend didn't invite her own parents to her Graduation ceremony.
I was sitting at a rock concert, listening to an extremely loud band. A tiny baby in a crawler had been left by his young mother, right out in the sun next to a speaker, and was screaming - probably in pain.
One of my flatmates and I came back to the flat Monday morning, to find a real Mess, left by the guy we share with.
I have an adopted Aboriginal sister I felt disgust due to the racism she has been subjected to.
When I discovered my mother had been having an affair with my father's best friend, and then ran away with him without even speaking to me about what she was doing letting me come home from school simply to find her gone. I was filled with disgust and contempt.
Viewing the results of senseless vandalism to a local primary school.
When I found out how the people of Ethiopia were starving and their government was spending millions on celebrating being in power so many years. Then I saw all these people on TV needing food, etc.
Returning home in the late afternoon I saw an indecent act made by a man with the purpose that I saw it.
I went to a restaurant with my boyfriend for dinner. There we saw a couple. the man of the couple was a negro and he hadn't manners for eat.
A teacher giving a test was called by a student by his first name. He (the teacher) said that he didn't give him this liberty.
I felt disgust of dirty.
When I red a report in the magazine VESA about an Iranian telling what she had lived in the prisons in Iran. I felt disgust about that people.
I had this feeling when I met a girl, not that she was dirty but she was to "fresh", dump and childish.
I felt disgust of my father when I knew he had a lover.
Disgust of drunkers and of blood.
When my friends and I were camping in a weekend, and with little food, we met a middle age couple from a small town that invited us to eat in their house. Their house was small, badly built with old and dirty forniture and utensils. The problem was with pans, and dishes, and even the food.
When I went in a clinical hospital and saw in what conditions people are attended there.
When some friends and I get acquainted a guy during vacations I thought he was disgusted and "a friend" of mine for whom I feel a little disgust wanted to stay with him.
When a girl that I liked didn't accept my curting.
I met a girl (22 years old), married. I liked her. I asked her for a date and I kissed her. I discovered that she lived nearby where I passed every day. I got amused thinking that her husband would be ... or me . I didn't talked to her anymore.
In contact with a poor family of northeast it was offered to me a crab to eat at my request. But the fact that this crab was prepared antihygienically and his appearence was also antihygienically it caused me disgust but I ate it anyway.
When I knew that a person who I didn't like, had about me other feelings.
After a serie of facts that occurred between a colleague and me I started to feel a certain necessity to get apart and I didn't want to see her anymore.
I was sitting in school, waiting for my sister to go home. Suddenly a boy put fire in a paper and threw it were I was sitting. The paper didn't get me, but I felt terribly disgusted at this cowardliness and irresponsibility that caused a great discussion. We went to the director and he, drunk as always, said that I was ... attention in school. I felt disgust of this situation, and of the persons implicated in it.
There is a girl at my work that doesn't take care much of her hygiene she comes always with her hair oiled, a not very agreable smell, and a bad appearance. Beside this she tries to be nice.
I felt disgust toward meat when I felt sick with the steak after a week only on meat.
When I felt the smell of industries that pollute.
I was travelling, we were 15 person, one of them I met at the travel and didn't like her. One night I was asleep while she and her friends were talking too loud in the kitchen. I got up to ask for silence and since that day I felt constant disgust for her.
In a certain occasion I saw a dog in the street eating something so strange gooey that I wasn't able to eat lunch because I remembered the scene all the time.
I saw a film where snakes were crawling everywhere. I felt them crawling over all my body with that ... skins. The noise that they did disturbed me very much.
When my oldest sister discovered that her boyfriend had another girl.
When I watched a film about the problems of abandoned children (PIXOTE).
The same event described under FEAR - in the bus a man sat beside me, with his trousers open and holding his penis.
When somebody despised a friend of mine.
To see damaged lettuce (with worms) in the icebox.
I felt disgust about all my friends. After having done a great effort to organize an evening together, and didn't work out, they put the blame on me. After this, I feel disgust towards those that blame me.
When I had to plunge in a swamp of fetid and stagnant water.
I felt disgust when I realized that I had eaten something fatty, and vomited too much.
When I visited a creche. The conditions weren't too precarious but the children were in conditions of physical and emotional penury.
Seeing persons spending money in a shopping center with completely indifference to the misery reigning in our country.
About my girlfriend's sister who is a viper as I discovered some time ago.
I felt disgust when I saw a dead animal on the roadway.
When I saw the film "Memorie of Prison" I saw a scene of masturbation of a man in the hold of a ship apart form fact that the film wasn't pleasant I had a leg of coconut candies in my hands.
When I needed another job and tought that a good and known person (my employer) could help me. He simply said that he couldn't help me.
I felt disgust when I kissed a guy that I know. I was on the outs with my boyfriend and this person appeared but he has nothing to do with me.
When I met my boyfriend with another girl.
I was returning from the Universtity at night when I was accosted by a boy who molested me, passing his hands on my body.
I saw a magazine with photographs of dead and maimed people whose limbs were separated from their body like a head on one side and the leg on the other.
My main disgust is against codfish because I detest even the smell of it.
When I saw a man who hadn't the lower .... in a car exhibition. He was passing a handkerchief from inside to outside of his mouth.
When in my childhood we were forced to take cod-liver oil.
I was working in a classmate's house with a group. A girl began to graze her foot against mine under the table.
When I heard the bad news about the death of a close person.
I saw a man falling on the walkway. He seemed half dead, and was immobile. I felt disgust for the people who passed by without doing anything to help.
When I saw a fight I had a physical reaction of disgust and of deep perturbation.
I went to eat at my aunt's house and she served macaroni with a horrible appearence. I felt the sensation above. The worst was that I was practically obliged to eat.
When the Americans set their nucleaar missiles in Europe.
I was disgusted with the hypocrisy of my colleagues from the group.
I felt it when I saw a colleague of mine eating like a beast. At the same time he was making gestures, speaking and making the hell of a noise.
A similar feeling I felt quite recently while travelling in a taxi. The driver treated me roughly and dishonestly - he chose the longest route, he overdrawed almost one lev more and he tried to be intimate with me.
I found a big black beetle in my coffee cup. It was alive big and it was moving its limbs.
A drunk man had fallen in the street and he was shouting obscene words.
I caught a glimpse of a black-beetle.
I was looking after a dying patient at work one night, a young woman, my colleague was talking to her relatives and .... to offer them any support emotionally, physically and then sent them down to the coffee shop to have a dinner rather than offering the facilities available for their use cause it involved her having to do some work. Seeing them again I felt disgusted at her attitude.
I was disgusted with a friend's behaviour when she got absolutely drunk so that she vomitted all over my house.
We had a birthday party with 5 friends. One of us frequently used hard drugs. On the party I discovered that the other 3 friends also used them. While we agreed we would help the big user to stop using it.
I felt dusgust with a self-iterested person who ruined the life of another by means of utterly unfair methods.
I felt disgust with the alcohol, after I happened to see a young man, who was dead to the world and who wallowed on the pavement. This "sight" I watched from the bus.
I am disgusted with my sister's husband. On an early Sunday morning after having knocked at my door, he suddenly rushed in and finching me still in bed he began quarrelling about something. I could not understand. I heard his last words: "Don't stare at me so because I'll beat you in your bed" I got up terrified and a thrashing followed.
I felt disgust with a man I had trusted and respected, to whose problems I had always shown deep understanding.
I am disgusted with the fact that bad singers play at the opera (and not only there) only because they are protegTs or lovers of an important felow while at the same time some young and able singers work in a quite different field of life.
I felt it when I saw our headmaster blushed ingratiating himself with high ranking officials.
I and my friends got acquainted with a guy from Sofia who turned out to be gay, but we found that out only after 2 or 3 days.
Negative statement concerning me of a friend before strangers.
I have experienced disgust with some people - usually double dealers.
I feel disgusted with toadies, hypocrites, chameleons.
I am disgusted with liers, hypocrites, slanderers, flunkeys.
I stayed for several weeks with a friend of mine before she moved to live with her husband. One evening he came drunk and made an awful scene, which I still remember.
Sort of awkward. I'd introduced (a lover) but introduced as a friend to some members of my family, and my niece Yavanna who's six was home from school and at Mum's and Dad's and was really silly and at first it was ok, but it went on and on - yukky pooh! You eat your snot, etc. and I felt cross she wouldn't stop. But she had an audience and was in one of those moods. Once I'd accepted it was something everyone does at time I felt better - it was partly having my friend there.
Bus driver driving roughly - old man fell off seat into aisle - driver wouldn't stop - disgusted with her behaviour.
Disgust at myself when I stroked a sleeping girl's private parts.
4-letter words on a TV programme (Roche) while we were entertaining "conservative" relations who wanted to see the first episode.
My girlfriend came home after a business dinner at the most expensive place in town drunk as a skunk. Whats more she drove home and couldn't remember doing so. I was disgusted by her state and her actions.
Disgust - no. Maybe it is more precise to say revultion at a worm or a snake. But I mean it in a social aspect when somebody had behaved like a scoundrel to you, when by his actions he has made you change your attitude towards him but I thing this feeling the way I meant it, is not typical for the people interrelations.
When, for example, someone is calumnating.
I don't remember about a situation when I have experienced this feeling. Maybe it was when I saw a drunkard in the street.
Attitude to a related family.
Encouter with a prostitute.
When somebody behaves like a scoundrel. Recently a colleague of mine used the name of another one for his own benefit.
At the sight of an insect, such as the black-beetle.
Such a feeling springs up in me sometimes when I have meals at a catering establishment. It is a result either of the look of the food or when watching the way some people eat.
I saw in the street a man spitting.
I have felt this feeling when a person whom I believe and respect, lied to me.
I felt disgust with a person whose behaviour was out of the elementary human norms.
A colleague of mine asked a lecturer to put him a higher mark in order to keep his good mards and thus to continue getting a scholarship for an excellent grade.
Disgust with drunk people.
From the cigarette smoke. Usually I feel disgust from it when I am in a restaurant.
A striking act of ingratitude at a public vehicle.
Recently in the tram, a man ran his fingers over my girlfriend then over me.
A man was unfair to a girlfriend of mine.
I feel disgust with some people when I see what they are capable of, including lack of any dignity, when trying to find a seat in the tram.
I was disgusted from a quarrel between two married people, in which the children were involved as accusers of one of the parents.
At an unworthy behaviour of a man, pettiness, stupidity and mostly at a philistinism.
I was looking for an object when I came across a rotten corpse of a rat.
The behaviour of a colleague of mine, which doesn't correspond to my norms of behaviour.
A lie on the part of a person close to me.
I saw a film about the nazi concentration camps during the war. After the film I felt disgust.
Some time ago a man tried to teach me something. "Tried" because it is very difficult to teach somebody when you yourself are not competent and cultured.
I met three drunk boys, almost children, they didn't look like normal people.
I detest any kind of constraint and hate the attempts of elder people to force me to a norm of behavior without having legal or moral rights to do it. I felt this emotion when a neighbour of mine made me kick out my guests because they had talked very loudly and threatened that with "connections" she will expel me from the inst.
The event which got me angry got also an aversion in me.
I became disgusted with the man on whom I had counted, who I had trusted, the man who should have been my mainstay - my father. I could hardly make myself (and the others) believe in this emotion. It has cumulated after events and deeds. Everything can happen in this world.
For a drunk man (about 20 years old) that I met one evening, and who behaved impudently with the girls standing by.
I got disgusted with a man who was beating a woman in the street. I just happened to be there but I was abhorred by the rudness.
Deception from a person I loved very much.
I felt it today when the bus driver shouted rather indecent words at a man without any reason whatsoever.
Some time ago I was disgusted with the "cleanness" of the refectory of our institute.
It was at a comsomol(??) meeting, the last one because we were to graduate. The way one of my fellow-students behaved made me feel disgusted.
I felt disgusted about a teacher who had rejected all that was human in her. She refused to accept the flowers we gave her for the eighth of March and asked for a foreign parfume instead.
I hate hypocrisy. My friend (girl) tried to intrude into my affairs with my future husband. After that she behaved as if nothing had happened.
I am disgusted with the behavior of a car driver whose car would run over me and my friends during our autumn brigade.
I am disgusted with a nieghbour who is looking for all sorts of quarrel with my parents and me. He feels we are hampering his living close to us. This has been going on for quite a long time.
I feel disgusted with the bootlickers, with helpless people.
In autumn I had to move to another lodging. My landlords, quite intelligent people, warned me I had to move in the nearest future. But I had difficulties in moving my luggage because I couldn't wait for a car to come. How amazed I was to hear them threatening me they would throw our my things. And at that my luggage was well packed and did not stand in their way. I was quite  disappointed and disgusted.
When I see the acts and deeds of a blind drunk man.
I had a very good friend (boy) and I thought I could rely on him but he behaved badly with a girl who used to trust us completely.
I felt disgust with alcohol in general when a close friend of mine got so drunk that he didn't realize what he was doing and it was quite shameful.
I felt disgust with a lady teacher who used to nag, to mock, to interrupt everyone of my fellow students each time we had a class with her in our first year.
I feel disgust with my first boyfriend who made fun of our love in an abominable way.
With an alcoholic.
During a summer holiday at a bar I happened to see a dead to the world woman.
Many times, when my father used to come home drunk and maltreated physically me and my mother.
Disgust for a person who treated me badly, and has treated other people similarly - including lying, hiding facts, being deceitful, unfair, etc.
With a woman who had walked into my place of employment and urinated on the floor in front of everyone.
I was disgusted by my paranoid attitude towards myself, my homework at university and disgusted about my lack of retention. Especially in learning another language.
People who came to our home - and requested "Put out your smoke". That we should not smoke in our house... and asked not even politely. It disgusted me because I think people need to adapt to the situation.
A sour looking man was beating his thin dog in Remuera.
When the N.Z. rugby union announced that they would proceed with a rugby tour of South Africa.
A gathering of a social sports club at which they proceeded to show pornographic videos and then afterwards (when most people had had quite a bit to drink) carried on in a very degrading, unmoral manner - especially females exposing and flaunting themselves with no shame or embarassment.
A friend of mine goes out with this guy. She sleeps with him but is quite happy for him to play around - as well as herself.
My brother gave me a beating because he could not beat me verbally.
I'm very disgusted when I see people abusing their body with drugs and alcohol. They take advantage of these things usually for an excuse for the fantasies which they like and so they do things stupidly and unjustly.
Disgusted with boyfriend's mother - her overpowering, over-protecting and selfish attitudes.
A child told me she had been sexually abused by her step-father. I only knew the child and had not come into contact with either parent. I tried to do what was best for the child. The event and the stepfather disgusted me.
When a man spoke very sexistly in the company of some friends of mine.
With the N.Z. Rugby Union wanting to send the All Blacks to South Africa.
Having moved into a flat within the last week I felt some disgust that a bathroom tap had been left to drip with a faulty fawcet.
When a close friend wilfully cheated me.
Finding that a girlfriend of mine was a prostitute and had been seeing many others during our relationship.
When someone I had had a relationship (purely sexual) with came up to me after I had used her and acted as if nothing had changed.
A close friend took part in a racist violent action.
I get disgusted with the inherent racist attitudes of my brother-in-law in putting down various ethnic groups and also my unwillingness to challenge him about these attitudes in order to keep the peace.
Hearing Norman Jones get hysterical in Parliament about law reform (on the radio - listening with 2 others).
Reading literature on AIDS/homosexuality.
My older sister used to pick on my brothers and sisters all of whom were younger than her. On one occasion my brother did something my sister didn't like. A full-scale battle began.
Our boarder burping after meals !
When somebody who had been a bully and had acted cruelly to others who were unable to defend themselves was taken down a few notches and he began to grovel. I was disgusted with his grovelling and the manner in which he had treated others.
Next door nieghbour ran over his cat in driveway, he tried to finish it off with a flat shovel. I would have taken cat to veterinary to either kill humanely or cure.
Noticing my flat had maggotts !
When someone whom I considered my friend, without telling me he was annoyed, proceeded to ignore me for several meets with no apparent reason.
With a Manager who insists on making crude innuendos pertaining to sex.
Prolonged "niggling" of friend on a single theme which I considered of no consequence.
Watching an alcoholic woman who was approaching everyone at the wharf for cigarettes - a prostitute in Auckland (elderly).
I was driving along and saw this young guy urinating into the gutter, in broad daylight.
Obscene phone calls.
When employer made a pass at me whilst I was at work.
Observation of people lost in the profit motive - i.e. business managers to their actions esp.
Having unwanted attention paid to me in my place of work - harrassment (and sexual harrassment) by another worker - disgusted by his implications.
At a party my best girlfriend got really drunk and went off with a guy she knows I really like.
I once saw a programme on TV describing how certain wild life films were made and was disgusted by the treatment of certain animals in this particular programme of the polar bear.
When reading a newspaper story of a man who had committed incestuous acts on his two-year old child - the thought that anyone could do such a thing is abhorrent to me.
I once saw an old man up the road, fossicking through the rubbish bins and the gutter. I was really disgusted at first but I've seen him a few times since then and now I feel really sorry for him and I often give him cigarettes when I see him, because he mainly goes after cigarette butts and it is revolting.
A boyfriend with whom I split up with came over to a friend's house where I was visiting with a male friend. In a confrontation in another room he tried to find out if I was aroused by my friend by feeling my parts.
When a close relative got quite drunk. It was a relative that I had respected for a long time and looked up to as a child.
The repression of rioting and non-rioting "Blacks" in South Africa by the police of that "Democracy".
My flatmate and close friend living and sleeping with another close friend of mine.
Friends calling me fat - pear shaped in front of a nice girl.
A drunk walked out in front of a car at night. Both lower legs were broken. His shoe was thrown about 50 yards after the accident.
Flicking through a magazine showing pictures of homosexual men committing various acts.
I deliberately avoided a person who I wanted to hurt, and who wanted to talk to me.
One of my very good friends came to me for advice as her boyfriend had been hitting her and beating her quite harmfully.
I read a newspaper article about dogs being stolen in order to use them for fighting purposes.
Watching a TV documentary on seal clubbing.
When I first saw the state of a cafeteria in the grounds of the university. Due to students own lack of concern for the environment in which they eat and drink. Rubbish and spilled tea and coffee left everywhere.
When I heard about the disaster in Bophal (India).
A piece of work was marked as bad by the teachers I and some fellow students didn't agree with their vague criticism. I felt myself taken in by the teachers and felt disgust.
A person I know who tells lies and so pretending to be better than she is.
I was once raped (one year ago) by a man who was a lot older than me and whom I just met. Maybe it wasn't rape but the man wanted more than I wanted to give him since there were other people in vicinity.
When I was in Eindhoven on an Exhibition of Hernan Nitsche, who made paintings with real blood. There were also photographs about the killing of cows.
A few days ago I saw two dandy girls of my age. I disliked their clothes and their way of doing.
When I had to eat scraps from a dust-bin, because of a bet.
When I entered a toilet in a bar and it stank.
One day I was in the countryside with several friends, and we began to eat figs, after we were all full we noticed that all the figs were full of worms.
I saw the gare of a prison.  This gare and the building were in deplorable condition and were full of rubbish.
On a trip to Santander a child sitting beside me fell ill and started to vomit, seeing this made me feel very bad.
When I heard about the treatment of a friend in jail. Really inhuman. I never realised that such things also happen in the Netherlands.
I was shopping in Utrecht with friends, we also ate some chips and snacks in a snackbar, then we saw a shabby fellow. He took a cold half eaten croquette (a snack) from a rubbish bin and eat it.
When I watched TV and saw a performance of "Prince" (a popidol). Disgusting he'd better be a stallion.
Being on view in a meat-factory. Pigs being cut open, pigs being suspended from nods, blood everywhere, decompsition.
When working in a chemical laundry, I saw rats and maggots in the washing.
I lived together with my boyfriend. One night he stayed away and next day he told me that he had chat up with another girl.
Each time I am confronted with reports about repression and torture.
I broke an egg, with which there was something wrong, into a little cup. There was a thick white "wad" in it. I tried to take it out and throw it in the sink.
On school, during a fancy fair, there was a stand of amnesty international. There I read (for the first time) a description of the tortures of a woman, what they did to her.
A friend and a girlfriend went to Rome for 10 days with their class. When they were back home I heard people tell "strange" stories about my friend and that girlfriend.
When I take a look into a slaughter-house and when listening to stories about torturing people or animals.
When I saw a documentary film about World War II (about Hitler and his adepts).
I wanted to take something from under my bed. While doing this I felt a dead bird laying under my bed.
Salo, a movie film by Pasolini. People were misused and tortured for the fun of a few elder Italian authorities, during World War II.
In a disco, there was a dirty little chap who punched my bottom.
Seeing someone who has bleeding nose.
I read a book about torture. The book described exactly how the torturing was done.
A fellow student who seemed very nice later on proved to be a slimy fellow towards a professor.
Bisshop Ter Schure intoduced himself on TV to the Dutch Nation. He spoke as if he was God himself, and didn't discuss the way he had achieved this position.
When I read about or think about environmental pollution, the armor race, starvation, etc. Then one realizes that mankind is bad, most important is power and money, at the cost of nature and mankind.
It is very difficult to relate it to a certain event. I am familiar with the disgust of Sartre (la nausTe), a frequently occurring cause may be described as "the self-assured dullness".
When a girl in my class (on the secondary school) appeased the teacher, resulting in getting a higher grade. This occurred often with her.
Grandfather lives in a home for the elderly. He always looks forward to visits. On his birthday (by coincidence it was on "Mummy's day") however, nobody went to see him. Is the own family more important than grandfather ?
When my friend who was drunk insulted me in public for no reason at all.
When I learnt that my best friend had failed the exams.
I found out accidentaly that while my uncle was away in Canada, my aunt had been bedding a young man on a regular basis.
A person whom I thought to be honest took and spend the little money that I had and I had no way of getting any money in the few following months.
When my sister's boyfriend accused her of having been sleeping around.
People who discriminate other people disgust me.
Seeing maltreated, dead animals.
During my birthday party a friend drank too much alcohol. So much that he had to throw up. Worst of all was that he couldn't leave my friend alone and that he was molesting her.
During military service I heard the story of someone who tried to commit suicide and as a result of this got a week custody.
I heard a broadcasting programme about parapsychology. The people in this programme used very difficult words which I couldn't understand. They acted exaggerated without showing any feeling.
A student who lives in the same house where I live is an alcoholic. He tries to manipulate other people with his money when he has drunk too much.
The stories about my aunt who was beaten and humiliated by my uncle.
There is a person whom I disgust. Evrey time I see her I get this terrible feeling I disgust her whole appearance.
A story I heard recently about a baby dying after sexual abuse.
When my parents behave very "witty" towards me, they make insipid jokes about which they laugh. Or my mother who treats me like a little child.
Every time I meet a certain person. We cannot get on well together, we dislike each other.
A friend had a quarrel with the mother of her boyfriend because she and her friend decided to go and live together. She needed money for removal, then she made a great effort to reconcile.
I saw a terrible accident in which the driver of a motor was thrown through the frontwindow of a car. His face was completely away.
A teacher was very blunt in his relation to a child so that the child was very upset when arriving at home.
When an uncle of mine who is very ill started to cough wich sounded very dirty. (He can't help it of course).
My father is someone I disgust. So when he comes close to me a feeling of disgust overwhelms me. When I stay a week-end at my parent's place I will remember it for long time.
I was looking at a one-man show on television. He told very disgusting things so that I started to be disgusted with it. (Later on it proved that this was his intention).
After the accident which I described in SHAME. I came to myself and saw how terrible everything looked like. I disgusted myself and everything I saw.
I heard part of a conversation in which one talked very low about women.
I felt disgust after watching a picture on television about torturing political prisoners in India (this happened in the India of Indira Ghandi).
I feel disgust when hearing or seeing other people being treated inhumanely. For example torturing in chili.
A girl who also hires a room in the house where I live always tries to make a quarrel with everyone available she disgusts me.
When I ate a rotten apple.
I read a story in the newspaper about butchers treating their animals very badly. They disgusted me.
I saw a dog who was eating excrements.
Seeing a pornographic movie in which animals were used.
I was hitch-hiking when a man stopped and gave me a lift to Nijmegen. During the ride he asked me whether I was in for fun. The man was fat and tatooed.
When once again I drank too much and felt very rotten the morning after.
When I had to finish those big amounts of homework in time.
A scene in a film in which one man repressed another one. By concidence, their position was reversed. The other man was repressed in an identical way as he did before.
One night I saw a man being knocked down by two other men. The victim was kicked against his head.
Someone told me a story of Amnesty International: a boy was killed and his head was put in the litter of his girlfriend. It looked as if she was pregnant, then she died. It is disgusting, I can hardly write it down.
When people are eating unsavoury (smacking, belching, speaking with food in their mouth, etc.).
When I made love with someone who I didn't really love. Sometimes I even considered him unlikable.
I read a newspaper report that a little boy was forced to look while his sister was raped.
I cannot remember exactly such a situation. But I know that once I went to a very dirty lavatory and that disgusted me.
My mother was very angry with my little sister and told her to put her hands on the table in order to beat her hands up. She forced by means of her power.
When I see that some people remain cold and egoistic with regard to close friends, even in situations that those friends need them.
A few days after I had finished the relationship with my boyfriend, we had a quarrel. Then he hit me. At that moment I found him disgusting.
When I saw someone eating live worms.
When I see rotten meat.
I had a class-mate who was rather stupid.  I did not like him but I respected him.  When he tried to talk to someone, they would not listen to him and I could not bear seeing this.
When I am dirty because I have not had a shower for a few days.
I had to change a baby's clothes for the first time.
When I saw a scene on T.V where a castration was shown.
When a very dirty class-mate farted in my  presence.  There was a terrible smell.
On seeing a scene of an accident in a magazine.
Whenever I see an alcoholic.
When I got to know the details if the famine in East Africa.
When I was a child, one day while playing, I fell up to my waist in mud.
When I see people who have no sentiments.
A young man was insulting and humiliating a drunken man.
When I saw a film where a black was rapeing a girl while another one was filming it for a pornographic movie.
Some people whom I do not like at all, and one of the reasons is their physical appearance.
Pictures of Nazi extermination camps on a T.V program.
When I see dead dogs on the road.
When I saw a very disagreable scene.
When I saw an accident where the man lost his head.
When a person saw that I was accused of something I had not done and did not do anything to defend me.
When I had to dissect a live mouse at school.
When I saw several people washing their car with water from a drain.
One day I was going through the street door of my house, when a man asked me for a doctor.  He then showed me his genitals and asked me to cure him myself.
When after a storm in the country, I left my shelter and saw a big, fat, slimy green toad by my side.
When I see pornographic films.
On the road there was a dead animal with its entrails showing and its skull crushed.
I was in the cafeteria at the university and a class-mate told me that a friend of hers had had all her teeth taken out because of an infection caused by her eating a rat's nail in her hamburger.
The sight of vomit on the street.
To loose friends because of them over-estimating themselves.
The man who threw me out of the flat disgusted me.
I read a book whose plot and expressions were obscene and in very bad taste.
I saw in an ice-cream kiosque a cockroach walking through a cornet.
A TV program on whale-hunting.
Some friends and I were having lunch.  Someone said something funny and one of the guys started laughing and spat his food in a girl's face.
When I see someone vomitting.
During lunch with some classmates, a priest was also there.  He was eating desperately as if someone was going to take his plate away.  He did it with gluttony.  He wiped his hands on his suit several times and it was full of crumbs.
They asked me to throw the rubbish into a dustbin which had some awful liquid accumulated at the bottom.
Once I had to clean a lavatory which was obstructed.  It was in a friend's country house and there was nobody there to help me.
One day I went to see a rather disagreeable film (X).
When I had to sleep in a bed at a hostel, which was full of dirt.
A situation of overt unfairness, manipulation of people and its consequences.
When I was reading a book.  It had nothing to do with the book itself but with the disagreable smell of the pages of the book.
The first time I saw a pornographic film, all that in practice is so beautiful but on the screen appered as something mechanical, irrational, disgusting and dehumanizing.
My dog had been run over and died near the house.  We had to pick him up, cold and glassy eyed, to get rid of the corpse.
I was at the table at a French friend's house.  They served me a big dish with roast cauliflower and sauce.  I had to eat it. 
When I entered a brothel and saw two sailors with a young prostitute who was not older than 18.
I saw some images of a decapitation in a horror film.
In a bus I fell sick and vomitted in a bag.  The entire situation was disgusting in itself.
I visited a place in Morocco where they worked the leather.  I saw the skins emerged in a liquid which ressembled putrification.
When I saw a film in which the man suffered from an illness and    his skin came peeling off.
The physical appearance of a meal.
When I was young, one day in the car we fell sick and ended up vomitting on each other.
I saw a program on T.V where they had to saw a skull for an        operation.
Seeing a film in which there were several bloody crimes.
I found a big, black spider near a bag of food.
I had to wash my grandmother because she did not get to the bathroom on time.
When I was walking in a field which had a lot of manure.
Finding a hair in the soup.
Ever since I have been a child, the sight of any kind of wound.
There was a cat on the street.  It had been run over and its head was open.  We passed beside it.
I was drinking coffee in a cafe and I found a piece of scrubber in my cup.
In a film there was a scene in which a rat was sliding on a bed, leaving a trace of blood behind, finally it entered the mouth of one of the actors.
I saw a sort of black worm being attacked by many ants.
I found a cockroach crushed between two folders in my bedroom, I called my mother.
At the hypocrisy of some of my friends.
In a park near our home, a group of young people who were strangely dressed were seated in the middle of the street.  They began to eat while carressing each other.
When I came to know that my father and his parents were : self interested, dirty, negative, egoist, bad peolpe,......
When I was getting up, I found a live cockroach in my bedroom.
 I was at a friend's place for lunch and she fell ill and vomited.
When I saw an insect going up my arm.
When a person I did not know hurt a friend of mine.
When I saw a film in which there was a scene where women were cut to pieces.  Above all, it was the blood and the confusion which impressed me most.
When opened a box of biscuits and found worms inside.
The transport to pick us up for lunch was always late and the driver made the same excuse every day.
When we were young, a friend of mine tried to dissect a frog while  we were playing near his home.
When I failed the grade 7 twice and only passed it the third time.
I usually come back home early but this day I came home back late to find some visitors at my place.
When someone whom I trusted, disappointed me terribly.
When I got  grade "C" in M160 at the end of my first year at UNZA.  I had expected a "C+" or a "B" as M160 is easy, going by my capacity in mathematics.
When I was refused a transfer from my school to another, simply because it was far away from my house.
When a drunkard, in town yelled at me saying that I was a prostitute.
When my mother betrayed me by obtaining money from my husband when we were separated - pending divorce.
When I heard of the assassination of the Indian prime-minister, Indira Gandhi.
I met my best friend's husband with a prostitute.
When my girlfriend told me that she was no longer interested in me.
When I realized that my closest friend had said bad things about me when I was not around and had betrayed me by making friends with my boyfriend's other girl.
The day I was forced to use a public convenience place in town.  It was so filthy that it really made me sick.
When my father thought that I was an unrelaible son.
I stormed into the room, hoping to cool myself with some soft music from my three band radio cassette.  There was only young Kaley there and he explained, " Your aunt has sold it as she wanted to buy clothes."
This was when I saw, for the first time, a naked woman (prostitute) run away from a house after having been discovered by the guardian.
A pig in the well from which we drink.
When at school I thought that I was going to get the best results in mathematics, but it was someone else who got the prize.
Over an argument.
When I failed an exam.
When my brother promised me money but he failed to fulfill the promise.
One day I went to town to get my grocery.  On my way back, I took a mini bus which was full of drunk students.  I felt very disgusted.
When some people, including me, are treated in a way which equates them to an animal or a thing.
This happened when I went to visit my friend in Chelston and found him screwing my girlfriend.
A class-mate answered (accidentally) the call of nature in the class during a tough mathematics examination.
When I discovered that my mother had been involved in adultery.
I was disgusted at the university wanting some of us to travel from our homes to the lectures here every day.  The way the whole thing was handled disgusted me.
This happened when I could not get into the school I had initially wanted, and ended up doing something I had never thought I would do.
When my best friend started getting involved in my private affairs.
I saw a friend's husband with another woman.
When I was told that the brother who was staying with me would not go to the training school that year but only the year after.
I was in a train when a woman started talking loudly and attracting everybody's attention.  The worst thing was that she was discussing something, about which she knew nothing, with another person.
When I failed to secure employment after my form 5 in Lusaka despite my excellent certificate.
When a boy put a handful of cooked potatoes down my dress and there was no water to clean up.
On Christmas day a drunk man came to our house without a shirt on, he dansed, spoke nonsense and behaved stupidly.
The teacher of one course gave me 10 questions with sub-questions going from a to e for each question.  She asked me to do all this in one and a half hours.  It involved a lot of describing and explaining and even though I knew all the answers, I could not finish the work.
I was disappointed by a girlfriend when I visited her at her home in Woodlands.
Someone stole a K10 note and the teacher thought that it was me when I was not responsible for the theft.
I am disgusted at the number of second year students who are pregnant illegitimately.
When my cousin put feaces in my washing.  A silly idea which was meant to be a joke.
The day I went to eat dinner in the dinning hall and found a dead fly in my gravy.
When thieves broke into our house, I was disgusted by their behaviour.  They did not find anything so they broke things like the windows, glasses etc.
When I learnt that my offer to study at the university had been withdrawn  and so I would not get hostel accomodation at UNZA, even though I registered as a student later.
When I was denied my favourite dish at the dinning hall (shima with roast chicken), I felt disgusted.
When I saw a woman who had been run over by a train, just off Kafue.  The woman had been cut to bits, there was blood and        splinters of bone every where.
When my mother got a terrible beating from my father.  It was so bad that she fainted and it was only then that my dad realized how bad it was.
My room-mate was drunk, he vomited on the floor and fell face down on the vomit nearly choking himself to death.  Then he fainted and so I called the first aid.
When I witnessed an accident.
When I learnt that my cousin sister was pregnant.
While watching a movie, someone who was drunk started vomiting helplessly.
When I was taking my girlfriend out, she seemed to have taken her time.
When I patronized a certain tavern which had prostitutes, it was almost a brothel.
I feel disgusted at not having got aa "A" in yesterday's practicals of G220.
I had prepared a special meal for my boyfriend but when my brother came home he ate it all.  I was really disgusted about it.
An officer at the Dean of students office had promised me to give me a room the next day, but he failed to keep his promise.
When I was told that I had no right to control my lover.
When I found out that someone close to me was flirting around.
When I was substituted in a play which was to be staged, after I had learnt all the lines.
I felt disgusted when a fellow student asked me to marry him.  I had not expected this from him as he was a mere friend.
When my relatives troubled me so that I would help them financially.
Last week a former school (secondary) mate of mine, who is now in a differentt school came to my room here at UNZA in my absence.  He was drunk and he vomited in my room.  I was unhappy.
When my demand for accomodation on the campus was refused and the rooms were allotted to first year students who were from "Rucher" and came from influential families.
When my friend, after a beer spree vomitted in my sitting room.
When I found my girl in bed with another man.
When my grandmother came to stay with us permanently as she is a very difficult person to stay with and when she started telling false stories about us to other people.
One of these people who sell meat in town used a knife to stab his friend and later carried on using the same knife to cut meat.
When I, for the first time, failed a junior exam, i.e form 3.
When I went to report a stolen good at the police station, the woman-officer-in-charge was very rude and did not seem to have respect for anyone.
When the committee, to which I belong, was accused of having squandered the money of the association.
I came across a woman in town who was very drunk.  She was swearing at everyone and carried on drinking even though she could hardly stand.
When I failed the  grade 7 exams.
When I found a maggot in my food at the dinning hall, all the food had gone bad.
When I heard that my sister had shouted at my friend's cousin at their place.
When a girl said in my back that we were in love, and she had actually refused me.  When I confronted her she started insulting me.
When my younger sister visited me during the school holidays and told me that she would not go back to school because she was pregnant.
A certain girl asked me what my major was and when I told her that it was P.A she started criticizing it saying, "I hate that course."  She just shows off in front of other people.
When I found out that the seat in the coach that I had booked had been sold to somebody else.
When I was teaching a student started making silly remarks in class.
I was disgusted at the way the bus conductor threw out an old woman oiut of the mini-bus simply because she could not pay the fare for her luggage.
The same as in SHAME.
I felt disgusted at my teams poor perfomance prior to league play.
I saw someone that I thought I knew repeatedly drunk. I do not like to be around alcoholics.
I was listening to a priest in church saying how sinful man was, and how all men should renounce their desires and pleasures to please God. I could never understand how something that brings you joy could be a sin.
When I committed a sin mentioned in ANGER. A sin of sexual immorality.
A girlfriend of mine behaves in a very childish way - she does not like my going to see a friend who has been introduced to me by this same friend of mine.  I would like to be friends with both of them, but she does not like this as she is possessive and would like me to be close only to her.
A friend of mine remembered me when she needed me and did not even think about me when she did not need me.
[ I feel disgust at people lying.  It means that they say one thing to one person and the same thing in another way to another person and this makes people quarrel among themselves.]
At work when I did not get the full co-operation of my colleagues to complete an assignment.
After joining my M.A in Social Sciences, I appeared for the first semester exam.  I failed one of the exams, and when I looked at my results I felt disgusted and then I got angry.
My notes were not returned to me, it kept on being procrastinated.
One evening when a boy who was drunk made a pass at me by trying to kiss me.
When one of my friends started misbehaving.
I was disgusted to discover that my girlfriend of few weeks was already fooling around with another guy.  I was disappointed as the guy was a rogue and I respected my girlfriend.
When a student accused me of having stolen his textbook  as he had found a form bearing my name in his other books and all my explanations fell on deaf ears.
I was eating in the dinning hall and some women joined me.  I could not eat with them so I left the dinning hall.
I went to the shopping centre to buy something and saw packets of Kapenta  with maggots in them. Oh !
When I failed my first biochemistry test.
When my room-mate made a mess of the room after having drunk the whole night at a graduation party ceremony.
I went to spend a night with a relative of mine and there I found that the bed had been wet the previous night.
When a "friend" woke me up in the middle of a blessful sleep by knocking on the door.  Then he started calling me names and saying that he had heard that I had been talking behind his back, this was a lie and the guy was drunk to the core.
When I heard that a woman of my community had aborted and got rid of the foetus by throwing it in the drain.
When I was accused of having impregnated someone's daughter, it was the girl's cousin who had done it. 
When I saw a drunk man urinate upon himsellf and he seemed to be thoroughly content with it.
When I went to the clinic for a medical check-up and saw the way the lecturer was conducting the lecture and the kind of responses he got from the patients.
I witnessed a scene in which two women were abusing each other.
When I failed the entrance exam of the medical school and was studying biochemistry which has no job prospects in Zambia.
When my elder brother failed form five in 1968 when I was 5 years old.
When my father shouted at me for going to a party with my sister.
When my parents insisted that I take up a teaching career.
When a girl I knew aborted and threw the seven month foetus in a man-hole.
When I beat up my brother in order to control him and make him obey my parents orders.
I once saw an elderly lady who was not properly dressed.  She was wearing a transparent dress, such things are not sopposed to be seen in African society.
Being mistreated by my former primary school teacher, Mr Zalu.
I felt disgusted when we (family) avoided a problem which could be solved readily.
When a close friend of mine maintained a relationship with me till she needed me and broke it off when she did not need me.  She behaved life a really selfish person.  
I felt very disgusted at a friend to whom I had given a Psychology book to read, and she did not care to give me back the book during the exams.
Cueing for bath for a long time.
Noisy people in the library.
Some students trying to please the lecturer.
Saw a dead rat on the street.
First anatomy lesson.
Dead rat in the kitchen of the university.
People talking in an important lecture.
When junior doctors returned to work after bunking them.
When a classmate of ours knocked on our door at 2 o'clock in the morning.  I was disgusted at his behaviour.
Seeing a person panhandling money on Telegraph.
I felt disgust as a result of one of my midterms - I thought I had prepared well for it, but the end result wasn't what I had expected.
Seeing a friend "making love" to a high school girl. I accidentally was dragged into this room where the happenings had occurred. I was disgusted at the reality.
I was supposed to be studying for my math midterm a few days ago, however, I fooled around with my roommate, and didn't start studying until 12:00 am. I was disgusted with myself.
My parents claimed me on their income tax after I had been out of the house for two years receiving no financial support from them. As result I had to work more during school because they were expected by the FAO to contribute to my education when they refuse to do so.
I found out that someone that I knew had someone else taking tests for her.
When I lose on my bets on anything - baseball, football, basketball, track, craps, poker, or arcade - whether its 5 dollars or 200 I feel that I should never have done it in the first place.
Saw a scene in a movie implying incest as humorous.
When I stand at the bus stop for one hour waiting for the bus to arrive.
When a friend of mine keeps telling me morbid things that happened to his dog.
Right now I volunteer at a hospital. Yesterday, Halloween, I dressed up as a doctor and went to work. The volunteer coordinator told me after my shift that it was dangerous to have done what I did.
I applied for a job of GALSO counselor and I made the strongest possible application but was denied an interview. I felt disgusted at the system which by promoting the cause of minorities makes employing whites lowest priority.
A friend of mine had sex with someone of a different race on a Winnebago trip down to USC in front of everyone (all my friends embarrassed my sorority house name).
When other people refuse to do their house jobs and give the work to someone else.
I saw part of a Prince video with him crawling out of a bath tub.
Finding out my grades at the end of my Sophomore year.
When I was getting so fat.
When I study my butt off for a midterm and still get an average grade.
Doing poorly on a midterm.
When people/press analyze a particular newsworthy item (CAL Football team) which I am a member and can only see the situation in a bad light and always put the team down.
Sitting in the dorm when the guys were verbally reading letters in Penthouse.
When I found out the CIA was mining Nicaraguan harbors.
When I saw President Reagan get elected.
When a skunk invaded camp.
When my roommate forgets to flush the toilet.
Through the media and their presentation of a kidnapped child who was raped.
Once when I was babysitting for some neighbors children I found roaches in ther bathroom. I had never seen a roach before but I called my mother to make sure that's what they were. And she came over and checked.
After learning on the news about this man who killed more than 300 women and habitually copulated into their inert bodies.
When my roommate came home at 10 in the morning after sleeping with a guy she did not know because she got drunk. (Se has a boyfriend too).
I was playing a sport in an advanced PE class and many of the people were not advanced.
Cleaning the bathroom of my apt. and realizing my roommate who had lived there all summer by himself had never cleaned the place.
I was reading in the paper the feature on Henry Lucas who claims to have killed 380 people. He was a recreational killer and a necrophiliac and zoophiliac. He has raped and beaten many women and killed men too.
When an employer of my younger sister (17 yrs) made a "pass" at her.
Robbery mentioned under sadness.
This person I know lied about how much income his parents made and received money through grants which he did not need. Another person is barely making it, did not lie, and did not receive enough money.
I read in the newspaper about a 21 yr. old woman who was found naked and dead along a roadside. It turned out she had had two relatives 14 and 19 who were kidnapped, raped and killed earlier.
NO RESPONSE
When one individual takes advantage of and/or injures another relatively defenseless individual, consciously. I feel disgust mingled with anger. A person on my dorm floor verbally assaulted another person for having a certain religious belief.
One of my good friends told people something I had told her in confidence about someone else.
I vividly remember having feelings of disgust toward some of my jr. high classmates who didn't work at all on their schoolwork and who would coplain and take my tax money when I was older and more successful than they were. At the time I pictured some adults like this that I knew in the complaining situation.
When I saw a girl in my economics discussion section smiling and asking stupid questions to the TA. just to get attention. She was obviously ass-kissing. It happens in every Econ. discussion held weekly.
I felt disgusted when I found out that someone had betrayed me. That person had been dishonest with me and I felt used.
I was disgusted at the behavior of these boys I work with in the scouting program. They showed a lack of interest, unrest, and at times just plain rude behavior.
My friends and I were sitting at a restaurant. We were talking and a few of them said awful things about women. I became disgusted by their narrow-mindedness.
I didn't do very well on a midterm and I'm disgusted with myself because I was prepared and thought I did well.
I thought that the guy I had been associating with for over a year went out 2 or 3 times with a high school girl whom he claimed not to like.
I was disgusted to find out that the water isn't filtered or purified before it leaves Latimer Hall from the drains.
I attended a ceremony in Denmark which is comparable to our Halloween. They build a large bonfire and place a life size dummy of a witch. The crowd cheered when the dummy burst into flames.
Now that the 49ers are winners, the fans are coming out of the woodwork and jumping on the bandwagon and that disgusts me.
I felt disgusted when I was in a restaurant which didn't appear to be clean and orderly. (I do not like to be in unclean environments).
I took a psych. experiment with a totally unappealing gay man as the experimentor, some homosexuals are funny or cute, but this guy was disgusting. Plus the experiment was about gays too.
Getting a low grade on my physics midterm.
Getting back my math midterm, I received a lower grade than I thought I would get. After going through the questions I felt that the grader had graded harshly and I had made only a few ? errors.
When I saw a wino by some cans with Food Stamps and use the change to buy wine.
My friends aren't working for the same common goal we all need to accomplish.
An Engineer I know wants war so he can get a job making bombs.
I trusted a friend of mine, but she lied to me about something and this disgusted me.
I felt disgusted while studying for my applied psychology and mental testing papers in B.A.
When my parents-in-law scolded me, without any reason, in front of the other members of my family for the first time.  They had called me from my room where I had been studying for my exams.
When my husband quarrelled with me for no reason at all.
A girl, who is a friend of mine was having an affair with a boy who is also a friend of mine.  I got to know that this girl was also seeing another guy.  Later on, she just broke off with this friend of mine without giving any explanations.  This made him sad and depressed, and I felt disgust for this girl.
When people around me did not understand me the right way.
When I had exams a relative of ours, who lives in another city,came to visit us and I felt disgusted at him.
When my husband told me about his pre-marital affairs.
I feel disgusted when people do not understand me in the right way, i.e they misunderstand me.
I feel disgust at my neighbour, because she comes to our house with her child, who spoils our furniture.
When my friend who is close to me got engaged and did not invite me.
When a begggar approached me for money, I felt disgusted.
I feel disgusted at my cousin, who is bad-mannered, does not know how to behave and talk to others, he does not respect elders and lies all the time.
I do not like one of our neighbours as they are very selfish.  Whenever they want something or need help they come to see us,  otherwise they do not even bother about people who live next to them.
We had gone to our native village and I went to visit a tribal group which believes in Goddess Kali.  As it was a festival day they had to offer a hen to the Goddess so they cut the head off a hen right in front of my eyes.  I felt disgusted and evenb gave up eating meat after this incident.
The way my husband and his family treated me - unfairly, cruelly, and unjustly.
My husband falls ill and does not follow the doctor's advice on the treatment or the diet control.
I was disgusted at the existing red-tape in the government offices.  I accquired my passport three months after having applied for it and I had to go back five times to them to correct a minor error.
Despite my being affectionate, sincere, and helpful to close  relatives of mine; they turned around and accused me of being inconsiderate in my relationship with them.
When we complained about the uncleanliness of the work place, the authorities agreed to have the place cleaned.  Even after 2-3 days nothing had been done.  I felt disgusted at the whole situation.
When my friend got very low marks in field work even though he had worked throughout the year, I had this feeling.
[ When I see that the toilet is unclean.]
When I was in a Christian institution, sometimes the nuns would send back the people who came to visit us when it was not the visiting hours.  This disgusted me.
When I went to visit a relative and saw how messy and dirty his place was, in the absence of his wife.
[ I feel disgusted at people who talk negatively about a person without knowing the person well.]
One day my colleague misbehaved with me.  I felt disgusted and thought to myself that he could only do this because I was a woman.
I was most disgusted when I had to make a nagging three day journey recently from Calcutta to Bombay.  It was very boring and tiring.
[ The previous incident holds good here also.]
This is an incident that many of us witness in our everyday life in a city like Bombay.  One day I was travelling by bus, three men dragged two fellows out of the bus.  Once outside they were beaten into pulp.  These two fellows, who got beaten, were pick-pockets and they were being beaten by all and sundry.  I thought to myself -"what is life?".  It is one hell of a place where everyone is after someone else.  One waits to cut the throat of the other one just for a living, (money).  When I think about such things - the purpose of life, etc, I feel very disgusted and dejected.
We had come back from a programme and we were all (three girls)    staying over at another girls placce.  One of them started passing very nasty and outright bitchy remarks at me.  It was brought on by a male colleague's compliments to me, this girl was herself interested in this guy.  Bitchiness and catty remarks made by women never fail to disgust me.  I can particularly remember this incident as she knew that I had not encouraged the  guy.
When I heard that a 14 years old girl had been raped by four rikshaw drivers in our town.
My classmate at TISS has the habit of biting his nails and ever since my childhood I have never liked this habit.  This person is near me in class, dining hall and the campus so I suggested that he should stop biting his nails.  However he found it difficult and my disgust feelings have not changed.
I once got a phone call stating "one of your friend is in jail, please come and see him".  When I went to the jail and saw him, I was disgusted.
[ This is an everyday feeling.  Many situational events : causes are unclean and dirty environment, illiteracy, poverty and neglect of human resources, disgust at the lack of perception on the part of us ( educated few) for the lack of drive and drive towards their redemption. ]
I feel disgusted since I am unable to cope with all the wordly affairs as I spend much precious time to pursue my hobby and to be admist the people I love and long to be with.
In Punjab, when in the name of religion people killed each other during the agitation.
Students on campus were unnecessarily creating trouble just to heckle the authorities - not to achieve something concrete, but to further their own interest.
Yesterday, I was just about to cross the road when a country guy who was ahead of me spat out a mouthful of betel juice on the road.  It was very windy and had I not checked my speed I would have had a very good shower of his saliva.  Though I was not angry, I felt that these people were very indecent.
When I could not attend the college picnic due to some difficulties.
One day, at an important place I met a group of girls and while we were waiting for a bus these girls started smoking and commanded me to smoke; I felt very disgusted. 
[ Never experienced.]
Once when I was studying for my examination, I was asked to do some work which was unavoidable.
After my +2, when I did not get admission in B.E I felt disgusted.
My elder sister forced me to do a few things which I did not like to do.
I felt disgusted when I was in a helpless position at the loss of my fiancee.
[ There have been very few instances of disgust, as far as I can remember they are not important or worth mentioning.]
Four weeks ago I felt very much touched to find an asciatic patient who had asked the very morning to be tapped of the fluid, dying in the evening. I was really disgusted because this was the Medical staff's negligence. Had the Clinical officers done something that very morning he might have been alive today.
I had experienced odd moments one time when a patient came into the Ward in which I was working. The patient was badly burnt in the right side of her body. I was very nervous at the sight.
The first day I visited the hospital I was disgusted because I experienced offensive smell which I never expected. I nearly ran away from the course.
When mum had beaten my young sister just because she had received a letter from a boyfriend.
The time when I cleaned the house and everything was tidy, then my cousin, who is 4 years old, came with a muddy pot and made a mess of the whole thing.
Bad temper of the serving lady in the students' dining hall.
Saw a dirty street.
Someone not responding to my criticism.
Finding out that old and useless practitioners of retirement age will go to your English lectures and they do not understand English.
Saw a real party leader.
Saw my class leader acting like a God when he chose people to go to your English lectures.
Hear people talking at my back.
I was disgusted at myself when I dropped a vital catch, while playing a cricket match, and we lost the match; though the catch was difficult. 
When I opted for my research field, for them the percentage of marks was more important than my knowledge.
[ When mix was coming from column for several days.]
[ Honestly, I have never felt disgust at any situation in my life.]
I was disgusted when our cricket team manager dropped me from the team.
When I lost the notes of the lecturer I had borrowed from my friend.
There was a family fight in my house some time back.  My uncle had given me a watch as a present and I lost it.  During the fight he accused me of having sold the watch.  I was disgusted at his false accusations.
A railways officer, when asked by the ticket checker to produce his tickets, got very aggressive and started abusing and using his authority in a very wrong way.
When Kanishka was blown up, I really felt disgusted at people killing each other.
[ Do not remember any incident.]
I felt the emotion when I entered a certain ward in the hospital to visit my relative who was sick.
One of my best friends was found lying flat on the road because he was drunk and was taken by the police and put in a cell. I went to see him the following morning, the place was really a mess and was smelling badly. I didn't like it.
In Ward 1A was an epileptic patient who was burnt the whole body and was stinking very much such that the whole ward was affected. Few people could come near him.
The time I went to see one of my girlfriends at Area 18 I found that she was not there but in the room she was sleeping, in the same room there were some women visitors with children so the room was smelling very badly with some faeces and urine in it so I didn't stay any longer.
I was disgusted with my girlfriend's behaviour. She was going out with other boys who were also my friends.
I was disgusted with the behaviour of one of my fellow students during my Secondary School life. He was a habitual noise-maker and caused great conflicts with the teachers.
The emotion came to me when a certain girl who was not polite to her mother hit her sister severely.
This situation occurred when I entered into a smelling ward.
I felt disgusted when a certain lady spoke words of sarcasm when I was trying to propose to her.
I was double crossing Mercy and Maria. They one day came to know each other. I was found by Mercy red-haded when I was with Maria.
I was disgusted when my brother was arrested because of stealing money.
When I was presumed to have stolen maize from the school garden.
When I entered the wound intensive care at the Central Hospital in Blantyre which was stinking.
I felt disgust when I saw a friend walking in stagnant water without putting on gum boots.
I was disgusted to see a person vomitting and I was told to clean the place where the vomit was.
A sister broke a cup and when mother asked I was reported to have been responsible.
I was disgusted when I was told to dress a big rotten stinky wound which, coming closer, made me feel like vomitting.
My first day to work in hospital, when I was dressing wounds I was disgusted when I came across one wound with a very bad smell.
It was when my father beat my mother while she was ill for three weeks and now she was recovering.
One of those days when I was going to school with my brother and he annoyed me.
A condition in which I was disgusted followed when I lost money on my way home from the college.
It was when I drunk urine during my childhood thinking it was water. My friend had urinated in the tin.
I felt disgusted when I went to one of the Central hospitals where my hope of getting good treatment was turned down by one of the doctors who said I was alright despite my feeling pain.
When I vomitted a lump of blood.
I was really disgusted when I saw one of my friends soiling on his clothes. I thought he was mad.
In ward 2A there was a patient suffering from Syphilitic Paraplegia and had pressure sores. The wounds had offensive smell that only a few people .... the place.
In May somebody blamed me that I made him to be caught while peeping during the Nursing Test which made me feel disgusted.
I was stopped from entering a party while I was at School but I had an Invitation card with me. This was done because they said I was too young to join elderly people.
When somebody made me touch human faeces.
One time at the hospital I passed near the intensive care room. The offensive smell that came out disgusted me in such a way that I didn't even dare to enter the room.
I was dancing Malipenga (traditional dance). I exaggerated the steps I was supposed to make in the negative way. This happened in front of spectators. It was bad for our Boma (group) because I was on the front line where ability is displayed and it is this ability that counts when choosing the winning side.
I felt disgust when I received visitors at an odd hour. I was seriously preparing for Examinations, so I did not appreciate their coming.
It happened that one of my best friends just took my shirt without my knowledge, I hadn't put it on for many days and I was short of clothes.
After buying a ticket, I lost it before I reached my destination and the bus Inspector dropped me at a place I didn't know.
When a boy whom I refused to be my lover told all his friends that I was his girl he has refused me because I was not faithful to him.
I felt disgusted when I was not given money for lunch at school by my father as a punishment for beating my little brother.
My friend promised to take me out for a movie but he didn't turn up.
I went to a party and there were some cakes which weren't good and had a bad smell.
I saw a program on T.V where they had to saw a skull for an        operation.
I felt disgusted when my cousin decided that she would stop going to school saying she wanted to get married. She was only 14 years by then and she didn't understand what she was thinking.
I was disgusted with my brother's behaviour when he kept throwing things away because of his anger, after mum had shouted at him.
In my village there was this tax collector who used to cheat people and collected more than was wanted, the surplus was for his family and himself.
When my fellow classmates were involved in a quarrel.
I felt disgusted when my appointment to meet the E.N.T. specialist had been turned down. The specialist came from U.K. and went the same day and we do not have one.
I went to a party with my boyfriend who got so drunk and started vomiting. It was so disgusting.
I received a letter which was too strong for me. It said I had done something which I really didn't do.
I felt disgusted one day when, as we were eating, a child defecated on the table side.
When I was a child I broke plates because I wasn't given food on the grounds of coming home late.
I felt disgusted when somebody told me that my previous boyfriend was her boyfriend.
I saw a septic, smelling wound.
One day I was walking with my boyfriend. We met my ex-boyfriend and out of jealousy he started calling me names.
I felt this situation when a certain woman from a close village shouted at my mother because she didn't get what she wanted, she wanted some salt to put in her relish.
One day my friend told me that she had heard that I was moving about with her boyfriend. I was disgusted with the news.
Once I offended a friend, instead of her coming to me to ask and discuss the matter she was just telling other people about it and say all she could about me.
The carterer refused to give me sugar to add to my tea saying that there was no sugar whilst it was there, so I left the cafe disgusted without taking the tea.
When I boarded Yanu Yanu bus I sat near a man who was smoking tobacco.
I was disgusted the other day I was told to take off the dog's faeces around the house since they smelled bad I did the job but in the end I felt disgusted.
When a boy I hated most in our classroom took my T Jersey from my desk and put it on.
I met a certain lady at the bus depot who was using a bad language but was a very smart looking lady.
I was very disgusted the first day I went to put a dead body in the Mortuary. There were many dead bodies and some were uncovered so we had to put on top of the other bodies.
I was disgusted when my little sister had been hit badly by her friends.
I was forced to go to a party with someone I didn't love and he was telling people that I was his girlfriend.
I was told I shouldn't visit my sister because the holiday was short.
When I saw a lady putting on a pair of trousers, I felt it was a disguise according to Malawi culture.
I felt disgust when I saw a drunkard vomiting very offensive matter.
Somebody went around spreading news that I like people with money.
My father promised to send me pocket money at the month-end since I wanted to buy a new pair of shoes when I was at secondary school, but he didn't.
Given duty by the leaders which I do not like to do.
Class leader told me to collect homework for him.
People not cueing in the college dining room.
Waiting for a bus not coming for a long time, and the bus drivers were having a long lunch.
Saw my roommate messing up our room.
Saw my brother-in-law insulting my sister.
The serving lady in the students' dining hall shouting at studennts.
Class leader getting me to do things he did not want to do.
A girl I do not like kept coming to me and talking to me.
When I was the South Koreans on the TV.
Some foreign students playing loud music late at night.
A woman picked her nose and spit right next to me.
A boy in my class talking too loud in the lecture.
Getting into a crowded bus.
Cueing in the students dining hall.
Doing this pointless questionnaire.
Someone I do not like kept talking to me.
Some students talking when other people are having a nap.
Saw my father with that woman he is married to now.
Saw someone messing up our room.
Finding out that the class leader can go to your lectures, and his English is worse than mine.
Heard some postgraduate students talking about girls being unsiutable to do medicine.
Saw someone spitting in public.
Some boys not cueing in the dining hall.
Saw some girls dressed up like Americans
Foreign students playing loud music in the night before the biology examn.
Saw Chinese people flattering foreigners.
Girls dressed like foreigners in the university.
Finding out that my best friend was deceiving me.
Saw people quarreling in a bus.
Saw people spitting in public.
Someone being arrogant to me.
Someone told me he was chosen for the English lectures because he was a good friend of the class leader.
Saw a man dressed as a woman.
Saw a very arrogant girl walking like a queen.
Saw someone who picked up a cigarette from the floor and smoked it.
Saw someone licking his dining bowl.
Saw an arrogant girl walking pass by.
Cueing for a bus and the drivers having long dinner.
Someone I know and respect sexually assulted a girl.
Someone had stolen an article from a library journal.
My roommate's lack of consideration of me.
My roommate boasting about her English lectures.
Finding out that some students are getting good reports they do not deserve.
Someone told me I was chosen for the English lectures because I am good looking.
Saw a mate bribing the leader.
Some students whose English is worse than mine can go to your lectures (English lectures).
Saw someone acting in a false manner in public.
Some students deliberately disobey me as a class leader.
Someone acting stupid in public.
Being looked at by someone I do not like.
Saw a selfish person doing a selfish thing.
Some people not cueing in the dining hall.
Heard someone boasting his fortune telling and I knew he was lying.
Listening to my roommate boasting about her new clothes.
A wurm dropped on my head.
My roommate messing up our room.
My roommate being nice to a party leader in order to get into the party.
Saw two Canadian students boasting about how rich they are in Canada.
My roommate talking and shaking her bed at night.
Some boys boasting about their ability to tell dirty jokes.
Finding out some people had been talking about me at my back.

Talking to someone I disliked.
A relative not acting on her promise.
Postgraduate students talking about girls stupid.
I had been forced to get together with strange and disgusting classmates.  The things they talked about disgusted me and made me feel ill at ease.  I knew that I would feel unhappy if I stayed there but I was defeated by the social norms.
Someone, who was sitting very close to me, was smoknig in the compartment of an air conditioned mini-bus.
Because of the examination I had to study night and day.
I greeted a friend and he did not respond.
I was sitting in the bus and a man with a very unpleasant smell came and sat next to me, to top it all he smoked continously.
When I was talking to a person who is a hypocrite, I felt disgusted at his reaction.
Once when I had started to write a paper, there was a phone call for me.  I had to go downstairs to receive it and after the conversation I discovered that all the information had disappeared from my mind.
Knowing that I had to do the survey with him I felt very reluctant.  Although I do not know him I feel disgusted by just looking at him.  Thinking that the project lasted several days I regreted having joined that project.
When I dined with my new friends, one of them kept reminding us that he was superior.
During the Chinese lessons a student often showed off. Moreover he misbehaved and dressed very badly.  So disgusting !
One day when I was sitting in a not very crowded bus, a middle  aged woman was standing beside me.  The person sitting next to me got up to get off and this woman pushed me and occupied the seat.  Then she took off her shoes and put her feet on the seat.
I am disgusted by people who spoil their identity because of misbehaviour.  This morning when I was in a crowded bus, I found a seat on which a university student was sitting on one side and he had put his bag and files next to him.  There was very little space left and I sat down while he kept on reading.  Even when I leaned on him he did not put his bag away.  He did not respond and I felt very angry.
In secondary school I had a class-mate who talked too much.   Once we went to the cinema after school and she sat next to me and commented the movie throughout  - very disgusting.
I felt disgusted on seeing my boyfriend after our separation.  One day he was begging at the mass transit railway station and at that moment I hated him.
I was an instructior in a youth organization.  Whenever we, the instructors would have a meeting the advisor would be present.  He did not understand our worknig conditions but talked a lot and had a lot of outdated ideas.  Whenever we disagreed with him he was very discontent and said that we had a prejudice against him.  Why did he have to treat us as his subordinates ?
My girlfriend lost her temper without any reason and she did not consider or respect my feelings.
I hate the behaviour of my so called friends, they use bad language, spit, boast and treat the youngsters badly.
When I was a teacher in an evening school, a girl raised a lot of questions and expressed her opinions.  She, very often, took a stand which was different from mine and she thought that it was better than mine.  Her opinions were helpful academically, but  she did not take into consideration my position in public.  Also she seemed to be very talkative and so she disgusted me.
When I was travelling to school by bus, I went past a place where a sewer had been repaired.  There was a bad strong smell which suffocated me and I wanted to leave the place immediately.
At the crowded conditions of living.  I always quarrel with my elder brother as he puts the T.V volume at a deafening level and I can not practise my piano lessons.  Thus I feel that my home is disgusting.
When I was giving private tutorials to my student; he would not concentrate and was lazy.  He had not done the home work that I  had assigned and his academic level was very low.  It was a nuisance.
When I was studying and someone disturbed me.
Our neighbour came and gossiped, about others, with my parents.
During a recent meeting, Mr. A showed his excitement and overindulged in the notes delivered.  Though his curiosity could not be blamed, his way of accquiring knowledge was an extreme behaviour e.g he always tried to know what I was reading and gained everything he could.
When the summer holiday job was almost over.
The behaviour of people spitting everywhere.
It was a narrow and dirty passage which was located near the market and I had to stand there to wait for people.
In a study group, a person always liked to argue on some unimportant, irrelevant and minor points.  He tried to persuade    others in an unfriendly way.  He was obstinate and would not accept  other's point of view.
My classmate got a "B" for his homework while I only got a "C".  When we got the results he acted as if he did not merit this grade.  I found that his humility was hypocritical and I found it disgusting.
A  group of youngsters dressed in fads talked foul language on a bus.  They also insulted the  pedestrians on the road and were impolite to the passengers of the bus.
A tiresome person held me up all day long.  I was very busy then (I can not remember what the problem was).  He continously tried to make me talk to him and disturbed me.
When I saw a lot of rubbish and animal waste on the floor.
Once while studying for my exam I found so many complicated words that it disgusted me.
[ I would classify subjectively, a certain gesture or the way of talking of a person as disgusting or inacceptable.]
I used to play with a group of classmates and I found out later that they were cheap in thought, behaviour and conduct - they would smoke, fight and speak foul language.  I thought that they destroyed the image of college students.
When I was studying in the library a pair of lovers were sitting next to me talking in an intense and soft voice.  They were disturbing others.
My boyfriend and I did not have any contact with each other during  the Summer holidays.  I met him the day of the registration and looked  through him.  In the canteen he asked me if I wanted to have a drink and  I said no as I did not want him to do me a favour.
A brother from one of the Christian fellowship often phoned me and talked to me for half an hour or more.  However there was nothing important in the conversation and I found the person very disgusting.
My mother was always fastidious about my room, bed time, etc.  She treated us strictly and punished us physically.   These things were intolerable.
Once at a camp a classmate criticized me in front of others.  Now I find that this classmate is very disgusting.
I made friends with a classmate whose behaviour I did not like - he tried to flatter other people and did not respect me.
I had joined a youth group that observed the affairs of our community and so I had many opportunities to contact the government and the committee members of the district board (a local executive structure).  We always tried to consult and discuss with them, but we found that such people did not understand community affairs and they even dampened our enthusiasm in local affairs.  I did not understand why they had decided to work as community leaders.
A few days back, I walked on a heap of faeces while walking on the road.  I got goose flesh because of this.
During these Summer vacations a schoolmate who was not in my class went to Britain.  Before he left, his classmates and some of us who were accquainted with him had a B.B.Q on the beach.  When I arrived I saw that some people , who were not close friends of the departing person(person A), were playing mahjong.  Some others were playing bridge and A had nothing to do, besides it was A who had prepared the food.  Later when we wanted to talk and his classmates did not even have the decency to listen to him.  They only asked him a few questions half-heartedly and then they talked on their own.  Some of their conversation was against me and  another classmate.
A few days back I was waiting for the bus at the bus stop.  Before getting into the bus I had prepared the exact amount of coins to pay for the bus fair and when I got into the bus I put these coins into the box meant to collect the bus fair.  I thought that I had paid and wanted to get inside.  However the bus driver called me and asked me in an impolite way if the coins were stuck at the opening  of the box.  He had not seen me paying and there wasn't a stack of coins in the box.  I could not understand this and the driver kept questioning me.  He made me feel angry and at last i inserted a dollar coin in the box just to get away from him.  Later I found that I had forgotten a few coins in my pocket and had not paid enough for the fair the first time.  After I had entered the bus I could still hear him scolding me and I felt disgusted.
I had a friend who was very kind to me.  I tried my best to like him and understand him but when I was with him I could not help rejecting, criticizing and blaming him.  I wanted to get away from him as soon as possible.
A friend told me that a boy wanted to get to know me.  At that time I felt disgusted and thought that it was a nonsense thing.
My friend and I worked for the community centre by holding a booth.  One day my friend went off to another booth to play.  This meant that I was very busy and could not maintain order.  His behaviour disgusted me.
When my roommate and I had dinner together we decided as to who would clean the bowls.  One day when I came back from school I found that she had not cleaned up.  Since I had to cook dinner I cleaned them myself and felt unhappy and disgusted.
Whenever I spoke to a female classmate I felt disgusted.  She said meaningless things and seemed to indicate something to me but I did not love/like her.
The curriculum of the year !   The English course was very heavy.  I had not prepared and the teacher asked several questions during class.  The students were not ready to answer the questions and the teacher was frustated.
A man sexually aggressed a small girl in the bus but the girl did not dare to speak out.
At hostel, my roommate was a very selfish person and would avoid doing anyhting that did not concern him.  A few of us prepared lunch together and had decided to share the work.  My roomate had promised to do the same but I had to wash the bowls everytime after dinner.  I tried to wait and thought that he would realize his fault.  I did not want to tell him to do the work as he is a university student and ought to have self-respect.  He disappointed me and so every time I saw him I tried to avoid him and did not want to keep any contact with him.
My roommate liked to listen to some meaningless songs which had melody but had no content.  We lived together so when he played the recorder I was forced to listen to them.  I could not tell him that I did not like to listen to the songs, as I had no right to disturb the freedom of others.  So I would find a pretext to leave the room and go somewhere else.
I was at home and I heard a loud sound of spitting outside the door.  I thought that one of my family members would step on the spit and bring the germs in the house.