I feel guilty when when I realize that I consider material things more important than caring for my relatives.  I feel very self-centered.
When I think that I do not study enough.  After the weekend I think that I should have been able to have accomplished something during that time.
When one has neglected or been unjust to a good friend.
[ When excuses are necessary and I get out of doing it myself.]
I experience a sense of guilt as my middle son cannot express himself like other children, neither verbally nor in writing.
When I am in an environment or with a person much worse off than me, I realize how privileged I am.
When one lets friends down
At my Summer job a new caretaker had been employed who was my age  but I preferred going out for lunch with the accounts personnel rather than with him.
I was the reason behind the break-up of my friend's relationship with his girlfriend.  She finished with him.
I hapened to overhear something which I was not meant to hear.
When I complained about a colleague to the manager and he told her that someone had complained; this colleague came to me believing that I liked her.
I do not help out enough at home.
When I was young - 14, I pinched from a store and was caught.  The store then contacted my parents.
When I spanked a child in anger and later regretted it terribly.
When I realized that I had three more examinations to take.
When I am dishonest to a friend to whom I am very close.  I feel guilty because I know that he gives a different version of the truth and I have not corrected these mistakes, and he is aware that I know that they are wrong.
When my father and I worked on the house just after he had recovered from illness, I was rather lazy.  This meant that he had to work hard and was not very well later.
I got angry at my mother for something trivial.  We were in a bad mood because my father was very ill and I knew that my mother really needed support.  I had reacted wrongly.
Due to laziness, I failed the term studies completely at University.  I also wanted, to some extent, to protest against my parents' expectations.
I experience feelings of guilt because I do not study enough.
Having been angry and unpleasant towards my parents.
Before an accident, my aunt offered me the front seat of the car, next to the driver. I declined, she took that seat and was killed there when the car crashed.
Little contact with my father before he died.
I made a remark to my sister concerning her attitude to men, the way she talked and I compared her to an acquaintance of mine.  Later, the same evening, my sister looked sad.  I felt guilty about her sadness.
Our association had Polish visitors and when they were going back by boat I did not go to see them off (I am the chairman of the association).
I had told my boyfriend that I did not want to go on with our relationship.  I knew that I was important to him but I wanted to be free.  I saw that this was difficult for him but I remained firm and did not change my mind.
At my temporary job, I have to restrict  others' actions and make them obey me, and this very often gives me  a feeling of guilt.  I wish there could be some other way of acting.
Forced to fill in a questionnaire.
I saw a neighbour, from the same appartment block as me, lying    on the road.  He could have been injured or ill.  I kept 20 metres away and did not go to help him.
[ Can not think of anything just now.]
I do not have the time for other people's problems.  My mother-in-law is sometimes depressed and I do not have the time, the desire or the strength to help.
The time that I had to put my dog to sleep.
I do not study enough as I do not understand it properly.
I had lunch with my ex-boyfriend and did not mention it to my fiancee.  I felt guilty despite the fact that I felt nothing for my ex-boyfriend.
When I was fined for speeding.
When I feigned sick leave from work.
By mistake I took a book from the library which was not supposed to be loaned out.
I spoke to my mother on the phone.  She had skin cancer and was waiting to be operated.  I forgot to ask her the date of the operation and just before finishing our conversation she gave me the date in passing. 
I was unfaithful to my partner once when he was working abroad for a long period.
When I broke off with my boyfriend after three years.  It was quite unexpected for him and there was no particular reason for the break up, such as someone else.
I have chosen to put my son in a private school were the examination marks are low.  Every time that he gives me his term results I am left with a sense of guilt.
I arrived an hour late for an important meeting ( I had misunderstood the time).
When I lost something that was valuable to my sister.
I stole a coconut cake from a reception table and when I put in my mouth I realized that the host was watching me.
As the only person in my family into academics, I ought to have looked after my younger (and only) sister better, with respect to her education and life experiences.
As I could not be home before midnight I called home at 11.30 and asked them to leave the door open so that I could get in.  I actually woke up the whole family by calling them so late.  My mother could not go back to sleep, besides she had a conference   the next day and really needed to sleep.
When one of my parents insinuates something about the other (they are divorced).
When I demand too much from my friends.
When my husband talked about the restrictions he will have to accept in his life to make our marriage work.  I felt that it was directed at me as it was me who had demanded the changes.  We were with a marriage counsellor then.
Not speaking to my sister-in-law due to lack of interest in a relationship on my side.
[ No answer as I see very little difference between shame and guilt.  Therefore see answer for "shame".]
When I decided to take a week s holiday without consulting the family first.
I had promised to visit my girlfriend but for different reasons could not make it.  I rang up later to tell her that I could not come.
When I stole money from my mother and she asked me later if I was responsible.  I never admitted it.
When ,due to hunger and tiredness, I became generally irritated with my fiancee and made cutting remarks which really hurt him.  Later I realized that my unfounded irritation had hurt the person I love most on earth.
I was 4-5 years old when I hid the bicycle keys of a not very good friend.  After a few hours I pretended that I had found it.
Many years ago a friend wanted me to with her to southern Europe and I preferred to travel alone.  I felt guilty because I wanted to go on my own.
When as a 7 year old, I stole money from my mother.
When I was forced to decline the invitation to my mother's 70th birthday because of my work committments in another area.
When I "hated" one of mmy flatmates who was nice to me.
Not doing something I had promised.
When my middle child became very difficult to handle after the birth of his baby brother and I did not have any patience with him.
At work a boy was injured because of my lack of supervision.
I get irritated with my son when he screams or is sick all over his clean clothes.
When I splashed a child by not slowing down while driving through a puddle of water.
When I was face to face with my deceived friend after sleeping with his wife.
When I pulled a chair from under someone at kindergarten and he hit his head.
When I argue with my sister.  It feels sometimes that I have the upper hand and I use it.  I often argue better and this makes her terribly angry.
I have a two-month old baby.  When I came here, to the university, to attend lectures, I had to leave the baby with his father.  I felt guilty.
I stole carrots and got caught.  I had to apologize to the owner.
I ate a Runeberg's cake, though I knew that I would immediately put on a kilo.
I had to decline an appointment which had been very important for the other person. For this reason we even got into trouble.
I had told a person unpleasant things in a bad manner. He was very depressed and caused an accident.
I had a quarrel with near persons. I said many ill-considered things and I regretted it when it was to late.
Meeting a male friend with whose wife I was having an affair.
I had wasted some time instead of doing something I needed to do to give to a friend. (Also in the time I wasted I had done some things I did not consider morally right).
Leaving a friend of mine alone at a dance - I felt I should have kept her company.
For the above: guilt at not living up to my own moral expectation, guilt for not being the type of person my patents wanted, guilt for just about bloody everything, just realising that I have failed drastically in my own eyes.
I "snapped" very abruptly at my mother when she said something silly and stupid, (in front of other people) she looked so defenceless & hurt & told them that I'm always doing that.
When a mistake occurred at work which I was not responsible for.  This was disclosed later.
I was living at home during the Summer vacations and towards the end decided to take some of my clothes and other belongings to the appartment in Guttenburg.  When I had finished I went to my ex-boyfriend's (relationship uncertain) home and stayed there till 5 A.M.  I had to leave then as my parents needed the car for work in the morning.  My parents do not like my boyfriend.
When my nephew asked me to tell him a story and I simply did not have the energy or the will.  When I saw his disappointment I was terribly guilty and read a story to him after all.
[ Can not think of anything.]
I broke off with my partner as I wanted him as a friend and not as a lover.  He reacted very violently and I felt guilty as I had made him so desperately unhappy.
I said nasty things which I did not mean to a friend.
Squeezed the puppy in the door.
My mother accused me of not visiting her enough when she was in hospital for an eye operation.
A boy who shot dead a squirrel.
Having failed to help with the 5th of March arrangements (Women's Day), although I had previously promised to take part in the work.
Car accident. I let a 16-year old, incompetent parson take the wheel and I feel very guilty about what happened even though I suffered the worst injuries.
I hit my little sisiter on the head with a stone while we were fighting.
NO RESPONSE.
I failed to show up at an agreed date.
A friend of mine shot himself through the head after having told me and others that he would do so.
When my ex-husband left our house, and the children cried because he was not coming back.
A kitten had wandered into our office, and I was told to take it back across the street. When I crossed back, the kitten followed me and was run over and killed by a car.
When my parents work very hard and get tired - while I go to school and study instead of helping them. I feel that I'm letting them down, disappointing them.
I failed to complete a working task within the agreed time.
I had planned a trip to the South during Easter, together with a friend. She was very sorry when I changed my mind and decided not to go after all.
I was very angry with a girlfriend for interferring a little too much with my personal affairs. I told her so rather strongly and she started crying.
When I secretly tried smoking for the first time, being 12 years old.
Not applicable to myself.
We had a day off from school. Instead of helping my mother with her job, I stayed in bed all day.
When my aunt took her own life, I felt guity for not understanding that she needed support.
I dated another boy several times, when I was still "going with" my former boyfriend. This made me feel a little bit guilty towards my friend.
I forgot to lock the outside door at my Land Lady's place.
Doing something wrong at home, and then letting my (normally) more rampant brother take the blame.
Borrowing a car, and then having a minor accident (breaking a headlight).
Feeling helpless, not being able to accomplish what I really wanted to do.
I've always defended my sister when needed, at the expense of my brother. This has led to feelings of guilt towards him.
When I and the boy next door set fire to a house by accident.
When being illoyal (disloyal) to people close to me. Had such an episode with my sister, who should have received my support and attention.
Accidentally dropped a friends camera flash, so that it was broken.
Not keeping a promise of delivering materials of great importance to the receiver.
The negative feelings towards me displayed by my "parents-in-law".
Car accident, hurt three of my closest family.
I often feel guilty, and it has to do with other people, e.g. if I haven't visited my older relatives for a while.
I crashed my father's car.
Being aggressive against members of my family.
Not helping parents enough at home and at the farm - this has happened many times.
During 7th grade our class mobbed a famale teacher so badly that she had a breackdown and was hospitalized.
The same as in "shame".
Selling the appartment after my divorce.
When I caused needless anxiety to a person close to me because of my lack of self-insight.
We had had a party the night before and we still had some liquors left the morning after. I went to the kitchen pretending to prepare some tea and was caught by my fiancee pouring some rum down my throat.
On Reberbahn, I was in a "restaurant" where drinks were overpriced.  I did not ask for the prices beforehand, and when the bill came I could not pay the bill.
When I spoke ill of a fellow worker in the absence of this person.
When I shot a bird in the head with a shotgun.
[ The same as in shame.]
I had promised to call a girl but I did not do it.
I reproached my mother's cooking and criticised her personality, and she felt hurt and depressed.
I had quarelled with a friend of mine and I later realized that it was also my fault.
I had asked the Salvation Army to take away a piece of furniture of mine, but I forgot to cancel the agreement (a friend of mine took it) and I thereby caused the Salvation Army people some unnecessary work.
I did not go to the exercises, without any adequate reason.
When I think about my family (parents, brothers, sisters) guilt is a part of my feelings.
I got 100 FIM too much when I changed money at the bank.  They soon called me at my job and the situation was embarrasing for me.
While at primary school, I did not let a friend ring a bell although he would have liked to do it.  Afterwards I felt bad.
I was working as a secretary.  My boss was to go to give a lecture, and wanted me to give him the exact address of the place.
I lost my self-control and raised my voice at a child.
It was my turn to cook dinner.  I forgot a dish (the favourite of the family) in the oven and it got burnt and was uneatable.
The death of my father made me feel quite guilty, because my attitude towards him had been cold and indifferent.
A borrowed car broke down while I was using it.  It was not my fault, nevertheless I felt guilty.
A friend of mine was drunk and having an argument on the street with a woman, appparently his girlfriend.  I was walking on the other side of the street and thought that I was not supposed to interfere.  Later I heard that he had shot himself that evening.
I "picked up" a girl and I thought that I had misused my position and authority over her as there did not seem to be any realistic possibility of continuing the relationship.
My mother told me that the enveloppes that I had been tearing (I had torn the stamps away) in good faith had been the first-day enveloppes which my father had collected as a young man.
I promised my friends that I would take care of something, but I kept forgetting about it.  When they asked me about it, I promised to do it immediately.  However, I got started only after a couple of months.  I felt that I had betrayed my friends.
When I was baby-sitting at my cousin's place, I tried to have a pleasant time and did not really take care of the child.  I do not care very much about children.
When I behaved improperly - fought in a public place.  Afterwards, I felt guilty about my conduct.
I did not go to help a friend of mine, though she probably needed me.
When as a child I stole, from a friend of mine, the ring she had got in an easter egg.
When before the last exam I have taken, I went out instead of studying.
A lonely, neurotic, shy girl lives nearby. She has expressed a wish to meet me, I have however avoided her (turned down an invitation) as the crisis my partner is going through uses up all my empathy.
When I did not succeed in finding a job after having finished a nonacademic degree.
When I noticed that my little sister was sulking, because I could not meet her because of a misunderstanding.
While trying to get my little brother over a ditch, he fell on his head and started crying.  I was scared of having caused him permanent injury.
[ If one has planned to do something "important" and then, for some reason, fails to do it.]
When I moved away from home.
I had been guilty of gossiping and blaming others, and one of my superiors at the workplace made a formal reprimand.
When I think that I have been too stict or narrow minded towards my students.
When I promised a male friend of mine to visit him, and did not.
I met my ex boyfriend by chance.  We separated a few months ago and I am now with a new boyfriend.  My ex boyfriend looked depressed, and I know I am not to be blamed.
A parking fine.
At my summer job, I was responsible for making various orders.  It was not me who had ordered some seasonal merchandise, but when much of it was left over and had to be thrown away in the Autumn, I felt partly responsible for the much too large order.
While travelling in a bus with an invalid ticket, I got caught.
[ I had, by being silent, disapproved my love and made him unhappy.  He had not been able to keep his promise.  I thus was thinking about my own conduct towards another person.]
The cat of my landlady escaped through the window which I had left open.
[ I speak harshly to my parents though they only mean my own good.]
When I reproached my friend because I was myself low-spirited and disappointed.
At my job, I got disproportionately angry with a child.  My reaction was not as it should have been.
I am going steady with a boy, but I had sexual intercourse with another one, and I felt guilty about it afterwards.
For the sheer pleasure of it, I quarelled with my boyfriend who was trying  to be especially kind to me.
When I decided to move away from my parent's home, my mother told me that it was as if a part of her had been torn out of her.
I felt guilty when I spent a night at my boyfriend's place, particularly because I had been harsh and spiteful when I had left home.  The reason was that I feared a possible discussion on the subject and I wanted to leave defiantly.
I had not written to, or called my grandmother, who was lonely, for a long time.  My mother asked me to call her on her behalf and when I did so, my grandmother was delighted and she told me that she had been waiting for some news from us.
I stopped my car in front of a pedestrian crossing as a child was crossing the street.  The car driving in the next lane did not stop and the child got hurt.  Had I not stopped ...
I am the secretary of an association, and during the last meeting I forgot to take the minutes.
When my little brother asked me to play with him, I told him that I had no time and that I would play with him the next day. However, the next day I said the same thing.
One evening I went out with some friends of mine, although I was supposed to stay at home with my little sister who is 11.
While doing some calculation exercises, I neglected a part of it, though I had marked it as done.  By chance, I was asked to demonstrate this very part on the blackboard.
[ Generally when I am shopping I feel like I were guilty of all the thefts through the year (I have never stolen).]
While playing a ball game, I made a mistake and we lost the game.
When I was involved in a car crash.
When I betrayed my former girlfriend.
I work at a commercial house from 7 to 10 a.m. On a very cold day in winter I was late - and let a fellow worker stand in the cold for half an hour.
I was said to be responsible for my mother getting ill and growing thin. I did not realize that it really was my fault until several weeks later.
A young girl tried to put an end to her life because of lover's grief; not until she was in hospital I heard that I had been the reason for her action.
I was supposed to fetch some friends at the bus stop, but I did not do it because my father was in a bad mood and I was afraid that he would grumble.
When my boyfriend was away, I flirted with his best friend; I felt guilty the next day.
I had to take care of the plants of a friend of mine for several weeks. I watered them, but let them stand in a cold room so that two of them perished.
During a ski tour with a friend, we two had drunk too much. When we went down the slope on ski, I lost my friend who had lost his way. I thought that something must have happened to him (he finally arrived but after a very long time).
I live with my boyfriend, we have a close relationship, I fell in love with another man.
When quarreling with friends.
I came home from a discotheque at half past four in the morning, although I had promised my parents to come home at midnight. From 3 a.m. I felt guilty towards my parents.
I went shopping with my mother and sister (17 years old). Mother always told my sister what she should buy. Instead of assisting my sister in defending herself against mother's interference, I just behaved aggressively towards my sister.
After a terrible quarrel with my family, I withdrew in my room. I felt guilty because I had caused this scene by my aggressive behavior.
I had to call somebody between 12 and 12:30. As I had no possibility to call him at this time, I did not do it until 3 p.m.
After closing the front door I realized that I had left the key inside the house. I felt even more guilty since it was not my own house but the house of people I hardly knew.
It happened when I still went to school: I got closer to a girl but I considered it only as an "affair". Only much later I realized how painful this must have been for the girl.
One night I did not come home without telling my parents and I did not want to speak about it afterwards. My mother cried. I had a bad conscience and felt guilty.
My girlfriend's results in school had become worse because I prevented her from learning (we often went out etc.).
During the military service, I lost a part of an equipment; I accused another person and he was rebuked and punished.
Some time ago I took the driving test. I did answer the theoretical questions very well, but I failed the practical driving test. It was my fault because I had not enough practice.
I allowed my little brother to clean the bathroom in his own way. My mother came and saw the floor overflowed with water, slapped my brother in the face and told him to go to bed immediately.
I behaved in a nasty manner towards a friend, I said things which I could have said in a more friendly way. After that I felt guilty.
During my holidays I had a boyfriend who turned away from me outwardly. Therefore I danced with another man and raised certain hopes in him. After a while I had to explain to him the circumstances
I had promised my friend to take her to an important appontment but I was late. So she missed the opportunity to get a wellpayed holiday job.
When I was a child I often quarrelled with my younger sister. Once I became so angry that I slapped her in the face. She cried and shouted so that my mother came in and scolded me.
I felt guilty because I had not accomplished a thing as well as I had wanted to.
I had to tell a collegue the time for an appointment with another collegue. I told her the wrong time - it was obviously my fault.
When I was driving my motorbike I went into a bend incautiously and fell down. I was slightly hurt, the motorbike was slightly damaged.
When I was parking my car I was not cautious and bumped into another car. I caused considerable damage. The driver of the other car was very angry and I let him insult me because I felt guilty.
When I shoplifted a pair of earrings from Coles and my Mum caught me with them in my bag.
Feeling guilt after greed, buying chocolate and pigging out to the point of feeling sick, especially as I am fat.
Failure to complete medical course as a result of failing fourth year twice.
When in grade 3, late home from school every day for weeks because of harassment from a grade 7 boy I lied to mother about why I was home late.
Eating too much I felt guilty afterwards because I knew I shouldn't have overeaten as I'm putting on too much weight.
Once in my homes yard, I was plaing football with my cousin and in a certain quick the ball went on uncontrolled putting down a bird-cage, killing it.
When I was reproved eighth grade of high school.
On a telephone talk where I was agressive and stupid without the least, reason or better motive.
I forgot to water the flowers in our flat and was rebuked by my friends who share the flat with me.
I was not sure whether I should help an old woman going down a flight of stairs. I just watched her and saw how difficult it was for her to do it.
An accident happened to my little cousin because I had not taken enough care of her. She fell on the floor and her hands were hurt.
There was a time when I did not get on well with my sister. I always grumbled at her and said bad things about her to my mother. So my mother always scolded her.
When I had drunk too much and nearly got an alcohol poisoning.
I had to take care of my little brother. When I met a friend I did not pay attention to him for a certain time and he was hurt while he was playing.
I had to take care of a neighbour's child. I did not look after it all the time and the child fell down and was hurt. I felt guilty.
My uncle had promised to buy me a bicycle. As time went by and I had not received it yet, I asked my father to buy it for me. Later I heard that my uncle had wanted to offer me the bicycle on my birthday two weeks later.
When we were playing, I hurt my little sister, but towards my mother I did not admit that it was my fault.
During a discussion I reacted very aggressively and so I made it impossible to continue discussing.
I had a discussion with my girl-friend. After some time we started to quarrel and at least - to get the upper hand - I said that she was not as important to me as she might believe. Some time later I apologized for that.
I called my little sister to make her pick up her toy from the floor. When she still refused after I had asked her for the fourth time, we began to quarrel. At last the whole family was involved in this quarrel and trouble was brewing.
I was on a concert-tour and therefor seperated from my boy-friend. But I needed warmth which was given by a male member of the orchestra. My feelings towards him were not very deep, but his feelings were. I felt guilty when he said "I am not a radiator".
By fun I had a tussle with my sister. Suddenly I obviously hurt her unintentionally - and she ran out of the room, crying.
When I still went to primary-school, I went on a ski-trip with my family. After skiing we went to a restaurant for lunch. Suddenly my father said that he had forgotten something in the car. He gave me the key and asked me to go and get it. I had difficulties with the key which was already bent. I asked my mother to help me. When she tried to turn the key it broke. We had no second key. My mother was blamed for all that and I did not say a word.
I had been together with my boy-friend for two and a half years, when he got to know another girl and not even tried to conceal that from me. I drew my conclusions and left him - I also felt a bit guilty for what had happened.
I quarreled with my boy-friend. He said it was unfair that I always started crying so that he had to give in.
I threw away an object, which belonged to a friend, because I did not know what to do with it. My friend was very sad about that and I felt guilty.
My schoolmates were teasing a pupil who was not able to defend himself very well; I should have taken his part.
I had an appointment with a friend. I promised him to meet with him, but at last I did not without having informed him.
When I told my boy-friend, who loved me very much, that I wanted to put an end to our relationship. a long time before I told him that and also a long time after that I felt guilty, because I had hurt him so much.
With a group of handicapped people we went to a party. When we wanted to leave we were not able to find one of these people. I had told his mother that we would leave at 4.30 p.m., actually it was planned for 3.30 p.m. Therefore there was a delay.
I spied on my fiancT and was terribly jealous. Later I saw that there was no reason for that.
When I was 4, we spent our holidays at the seaside. My sister and her friend wanted to go to a bay on an undangerous way. I wanted to arrive before them and went on a shorter, but more dangerous way. When I arrived, I found nobody there. I waited for a long time, but nobody came. On my way back I met my mother who had been searching for me desperatly. She did not scold me, but I saw how much she had worried (herself).
When I shirked the gymnastic lesson I met the director of our school who asked me what I was doing.
My sisters asked me to fetch them at a discotheque which is 5 km off. There was a thick fog and snowfall. There was not enough room in the car for all of them and they asked me to go there once again. When I did not do that they had a way to make me feel guilty.
When I had wrongly explained someone an important exemple for an examination.
A friend who was 22 years old, died of leukemia; I had not known that he was so ill and therefore had not cared.
When a classmate wanted to sit down, I pulled his chair away, so that he was slightly injured.
My father had been alone for a long time because my mother and sister were on holiday. I had not seen him for a long time and when I finally called him I realized that he had been very sad about that.
I was looking after my cousin's little daughter; she fell down, was slightly injured and cried vociferously.
I had a quarrel with my father. He was depressed, because somebody had treated him injustly. As we had an argument, it was impossible for me to help him.
I spread abroad an intimate secret.
I was on a visit to friends who have a baby. The baby was crying in another room, but soon it became quieter and it seemed that it would fall asleep. I went into the room where the baby was lying - and it started crying again.
When I was driving my car, I wanted to pick something from the floor of the car and drove into the guide-rail. I thought that I should not have done that and felt guilty.
I was sitting in a restaurant with friends and I knew that in the meantime my girl-friend must have come to my flat and found the door closed.
When I was in the puberty I smashed the favourite toy of my little brother because of a fit of rage.
I promised my mother to come home on her birthday, but at last I was prevented. Nevertheless it would have been possible to go but I did not.
Not thanking relatives for a favor done.
Losing my temper with my spouse.
I borrowed money from a friend and did not pay back the debt when I said I would.
A neighbour complained about smoke from my backyard incinerator entering his house after a change of wind direction. I lit the fire after originally checking that the wind would not blow the smoke in that direction.
When I came very late one night (or morning !) and my parents were waiting, not so much angrgy as disappointed.
Often I forget to give my immediate family birthday presents.
I cannot recall feeling guilty in the near past.
REMARK - SUBJECT MAY NOT HAVE TAKEN THE EXERCISE VERY SERIOUSLY.
Guilt - because I had not written to my sister for months before she died.
My mother and father had forbidden me to ride my scooter on the road, and I had transgressed (together with the "wild" kids from across the street) by riding my scooter down a steep hill near our house. My mother sent the boy next door to collect me, and I was severely scolded.
A girl whom I hadn't seen for a period of time told me that she had been pregnant and had an abortion - I was the father.
After being told that an ex-boyfriend had been hurt by my wearing something he had given me when I was with another guy. I was unaware of my actions really, as I had not considered the fact that he had given it to me, and might see me. I still respected his opinions of me.
Leaving home when my mother thought I had no reason to go and felt that I was rejecting her. She is a constantly depressed person (a bit of a worry-wort) and I felt guilty about having given her this additonal problem.
I stole 5c from my mother's purse for a choo-choo bar - I was 6.
Guilt at having pressed another person to expose/explore his personal weaknesses/faults, to the extent that the other person was made to feel terrible/defensive.
I had shown anger toward my dog and he was killed later that day.
I wasn't able to see my girlfriend on her birthday and because I was late arriving home from uni, I didn't phone her as arranged at a certain time (she rang in the meantime).
A situation where I stole a friends wife's wallet.
Carried out a vandalistic act on some windows at an old army location.
Leaving University in 1982 following exclusion and lying to parents/friends about reasons for leaving, i.e. lying about the fact of having been excluded.
After having told an authority figure a very large lie I was told she believed me, because she believed I had never lied to her. 
Talking about someone behind their back.
Guilt after fighting with my sister (for) telling her how bad she was.
When I was young, I stole some money from my mother's purse. It wasn't very much, but I can remember when she found it gone I felt very guilty.
After having been told not to take the car, I took it anyway and felt guilty about having taken it.
I didn't tell my parents exacly what had made me so late in getting home one night. I left out some details and somehow, I felt I had lied to them.
I was walking quite quickly and unthinking through a children's playground, when a toddler ran in front of me I knocked him over and he hit his head quite hard and began crying.
I felt guilty about going out when I should have been studying for a presentation I had to give on Wednesday the next week.
I felt guilty when I skipped a two hour practical class I knew I would miss out on more information which I did not know, but I couldn't cope with going.
Ignoring my parents'wishes.
Borrowed someone else's towel without asking.
When I used to tell Mum I was going somewhere else than where I was (going).
When I was rude to my mother and got angry with her.
I ate 12 biscuits one night after tea while watching TV - I don't know why.
We owned a shop and I used to serve in it occasionally. We sometimes took lollies out of the stand and Dad caught me one day.
I had promised to do a task for someone that was close to me, and from the outset I knew it was important that I do it, but when it came to it, I let them down.
Not giving up something for Lent.
When I was 17, I told Mum I came in at midnight, when really it was 3.30.
When I let a person assume a fault that I committed.
When I finished a love affair where I was responsible of the sad end.
I felt it when playing I pushed my brother and he fell down cutting himself in pieces of tile.
I pointed a failure of a friend of mine.
Once when I complained I caused a great discussion between my parents.
I was in a sanatorium. In front of me a boy fell down from his invalid's chair. I could help him but I didn't. I felt like being paralysed.
When I have sometimes been unfair to my parents, when I have happened to deceive them over some trifling things.
When someone is accused or punished instead of me.
Once I worked as a designer. A fitter was hard hit in a damage that occurred at the building site I had designed.
Betraying someone's trust.
Friend's fiancT left her for me.
Promising someone to do their job and then not being able to do it due to transport troubles.
I felt guilty about talking negatively, and agreeing with a person who was doing likewise, about a non-present third person.
As a child - accidentally stepping on a pet guinea-pig - it dying.
When I was about 14 years old, I "borrowed" a can of drink from the refrigerator, intending to replace it later that day. But it was found missing before I could do anything - no one owned up to its disappearance.
When I felt I had let my parents down, especially my mother, by having sexual intercourse for the first time, and a few times after that. Also, when I went on the Pill.
When my Bictorian "friend" was staying at my house we ere going places together, and sleeping together. At the time I had a boyfriend locally. The first time I had to face him after sleeping with the guy from Melbourne I felt very guilty.
When I decided my first marriage had ended, and left with the child. I felt overwhelmed by guilt as I was separating mother and child.
I once stole a shirt from the Department Store in which I work. I have been promoted to work in a very privileged section of the store. Their belief in my integrity makes me feel even guiltier.
Inventing a fictitious series of events, as a result of which I ended up in a conflict with my two closest friends.
I was driving my parents' car into a carpark in front of a shop we own, and scraped the corner of the front panel on the back corner of my father's utility. I didn't tell anyone, I lied about the bump (later I had to confess).
When I was a little girl about eight years old I broke the bey from a closed. Mother asked who did it. I said that it wasn't me, as I almost never lied, and my brother did it more frequently in spite my brother denieing it my mother gave him a few slaps.
When I took away my best friend's boyfriend.
When I answered to my mother with rudeness.
I felt guilty when I couldn't help a person.
When my niece was 3 years old she was in the living room while we were fixing the table for a birthday party and, as every child, she couldn't stay calm. She burst a balloon. When I told her to be quiet her father pinched her. I believe if I hadn't said anything this wouldn't have happened.
When my ex-boyfriend didn't want to sleep with me anymore and I insisted. We made love but he felt very badly and I felt guilty.
I felt guilty when I "stole" the boyfriend of a friend of mine.
When I shout at a colleague in classroom.
When I met another person I began to go out with him, and my boyfriend (with marriage accorded) met us together he did a great scandal, he broke the engagement and I began to go out with the other, and it didn't work because my mind was all mixed up.
When I didn't pass the examinations for FUVEST I felt myself guilty for I should have studied. I had the opportunities, and I drew them out.
When I wished secretly and lied to a friend of mine because I didn't want her to stay in my house on the beach (as she always does), and wouldn't stick on me.
When my father had a serious fight with my sister, because of me.
About the girl (22 years, married) I felt guilty of the relationship.
Attending to a demand made by a client (I work in a bank) I suggested her an application of money in a week ahead, but I informed her wrongly. The client arrived a week after and the application wasn't made and she lost with this a lot of time and money.
My brother and I were at home watching a TV program when I started to tease  him and in this joke I hurt him without knowing the seriousness of it I went on. He got angry and gave it back to me. At this moment I felt anger at him but knowing that it was my fault.
I broke the gutar of a colleague but as it happened in a moment when nobody was present I could escape from the guilt.
In adolescence I had a very violent fight with my sister I hold her stong in her neck, she had a throat surgery what make me feel guilty about the future reactions she might had injuring the surgery.
When I was starting in romance with my husband, we went out to curt, and we stayed in the car "making love". At the time I was seventeen and I was very immature until a day I lost my virginity.
When I stared to much at a pastry that a woman was eating and at the same instant the pastry felt on the floor.
When I unjustly accused a person of my family of something she didn't really do.
I had a date with a boy, but I didn't feel liked, and didn't go, I wasn't home purposely at the time we arranged.
When my parents fight lots of time, when I'm the reason of the fight, I feel guilty.
When I was a child I used to play with my cousin gushing wather to each other in front of the door of my house. One day we decided to gush with on a passing car. The driver stopped and went to discuss with my mother and my aunt that were there.
When I deny something to my sister and after a while I feel sorry and try to bypass the situation.
The day I decided to get out of my house I saw in my brother's eyes that they blamed me for the situaiton.
I had parked in a corner, and when I was going out I didn't watch if another car was coming and went out. The car that was coming was obliged to stop suddenly. It didn't crash but for a little.
When I slapped a nephew who did something that I considered wrong, and I was reprehended for this.
When I knew that my niece did a bad schoolar examination because I couldn't explain her the lesson.
Yesterday I broke my sister's raio. She hears it always when she has school examinations and now she has examinations.
When in the initial interview for the recruiting, I don't know why, I accepted to do the test for army.
When I robbed a loop in supermarket.
I lost a conference because I hadn't got in touch with a certain person to inform her that I would go with her. I thought she knew what I wanted.
Facing the possibility of having a child when it wasn't either desired or permitted.
I felt guilt when I betrayed the person whom I loved.
When I forgot to take out money for my mother. She asked me what she would do, because I had messed up her program for the following day.
One day my boyfriend put my hand on his penis and I felt well, but after I felt a guilty conscience because I hadn't thought about the consequences that this could have brought if I had gone farther.
One of my pupils escaped from school to the street.
I always feel guilty when I see my mother sad or fed up with life. I really dont know the reason.
When I fought with my sister and said that she had provoked this. She was very seriously scolded.
My daughter was a baby and was crying to be taken on my lap. I felt very nervous and moved her away and went out. As soon as the feeling of nervousness passed I was taken by an enormous feeling of guilt, for having rejected my daughter.
The greatest guilt I felt and I didn't know if it was really justified is that when I was a child I had a brother very close to me. He  became ill, and asked me to see  him in the hospital. I didn't go, when his situation became worse in the U.I.T. (Unity of intensive therapy) I went and he died.
The only guilt I considered reasonable was my reproval at the end of the semester at the University.
The same event described under "shame".
When I provoked a fight with my mother, hurting her feelings very much.
This feeling comes frequently when I go out at night and tell my mother that I shall come back early. But then I get home a 5 or 6 a.m.
It happens sometimes in connection with certain persons with whom I have frequent relationships but nothing special.
A great friend of mine travelled with the intention to change his life. He didn't succeed and returned depressed. I had not power to support his frustration and his behavioral change.
When I acted in a negative way at a certain moment by laziness to concede a moment of the time I thought to be my own.
Being disloyal with persons I loved.
When I misled a person: I said that I would do her a favour and didn't.
Once I promised to do something but I didn't do it.
A sense of guilt I felt once when I couldn't defend the confidence my teacher had in me and thus discrediting him at a concert.
I promised to fulfill an errand. Later I understood it was impracticable. The explanation I gave was accompanied by a sense of guilt.
I felt guilty because of the pain I caused to a very close friend. But over the feeling of guilt, my conviction of being right dominated.
I had thrown with the ashtray a still lighted cigarette in the plastic wastepaper basket. It had burnt out and my landlords made me a row that I might had set their flat on fire.
I couldn't fulfill a promise.
I couldn't fulfill a request of a girlfriend of mine, though I categorically promised her and I believed there wouldn't be any hindrance. It was partly for objective reasons but also because I couldn't organize myself.
I was involved in a ... attempt on a man I had developed a close warming relationship with. Although I knew I had done everything I could and that his progress of a "normal" life was poor I felt guilty as if I could have done more.
I felt guilty after getting really angry with a friend and having an argument. I was being stubborn and proud, and selfish, because my friend let me down, through no fault of her own.
When I hurt my parents in one way or another.
It was my mother's birthday. My father and I used to buy a present together. However, now I had bought something together with my girlfriend and I forgot to ask my father.
I stroke a person undeservedly.
I felt guilty after I battered to death a classmate of mine.
I felt guilt because on account of my ambitions I nearly turned my sister out of my parents home.
Some time ago I slapped my son without trying to understand who the real culprit of a damage was. After that I felt guilty and bad but it was too late.
I offended my mother.
When I shouted and quarrelled and for no reason I had been rude to my mother and when my behaviour had been influenced by other outward factors.
Years ago I ran away from home which disappointed my parents.
Adultery with a friend's girlfriend.
I feel guilty when I should have done something at any rate but I haven't done it.
When I offended my parents without wanting it.
When I have been overhastingly offending or hurting.
My roommate got married and invited me to share a flat with them. But with a young couple there should not be a third person. I am to blame for not following the advise of the others, but it is not late still.
I used to pinch change from my father's mantlepiece (never my mother - she didn't get enough housekeeping) and then I'd feel when we went to church as a family I'd felt awkward cos I felt I'm expected to go to communion and I would but I was afraid and guilty 'cos I committed a mortal sin.
Reported neighbour to police for taking to my daughter with baseball ball - her counsellor rang me and after long talk convinced me the woman was o.k. I felt guilty for ringing the police then guilty for feeling guilty about it.
I removed an article of clothing belonging to my employer while in a position of trust.
I had to leave an important function early because of family commitments. Someone else had to complete my job.
When I was young I stole something from a shop and got caught, then I was taken to the police station and my parents had to come and get me.
When I have forgotten to warn somebody for something, or when I have forgotten to bring something I have been asked for.
For example, when I have promised something but I haven't fulfilled it.
It happens to me quite often. I can't describe a particular case.
Low evaluation of other people's cares.
Lack of respect for my parents.
I forgot to convey an important announcement.
When something unpleasant happens to a friend or relative of yours and you are at the bottom of it.
Quite unconsciously I offended a girlfriend of mine. It was really worthy to pass this fact over in silence, but I acted so, because I believed I was right. In fact it often happens to me to feel guilt, after I have already done the deed.
Always, and this happens often when I do not keep my word.
When I offend somebody unfairly.
At a moment of affect I offended a person very close to me. He had given me ground for that but it was a trifling in comparison with the way I insulted him. A moment later I felt a sense of guilt.
My son drank four pills of diazepam every two hours instead of amidophen.
When I had had the possibility to act or to do certain activity better but I had not done it because of reluctance or carelessness.
When I don't fulfill my obligations.
In a fit of temper I told things that were unjust and they greatly hurt my mother though she didn't show it.
My father got a slight heart attack after a telephone call of mine.
I didn't attend lectures.
Some days ago I had a slight car accident through my fault.
When I am not able to fulfill any request of my son - can't take him out to ride his byke, because I am tired.
When I don't justify the confidence of people that I respect.
I offended a person who had done much for me and who had helped me for everything.
I ignored and offended my parents on the eve of the New Year.
I feel this feeling most often before me not before the others. My outside is iron but actually I'm wasting away.
I didn't give back in time some money that I had borrowed. My friend relied on them.
We had promised, with a friend of mine, to take our friends to a restaurant and after having looked for a place for hours without finding one, and not being helped by the others we had to give up the idea.
I got back too late after a Sunday going out without having called up home to tell where I was. my mother hadn't slept the whole night.
My mother developed hipertonia and I think I too am to blame bacause with her it is a stress disease.
I felt guilty when once I made my mother angry.
I didn't keep a promise I had made to a man, and in this way I lost his esteem and confidence in me. I caused him a lot of trouble.
Recently when I made a slip and blurted out indecent words in my mother's presence.
I had an appointment with a colleague of mine to give her my lecture notes. I couldn't go and I didn't send them, and so the girl missed a day for the preparation of her term exams.
The assistant professor saw me cheat at the preliminary examination.
My grandmother has been in a hospital for a week and I still haven't had time to see her.
I felt guilty last year during the winter term exams. A colleague of mine asked me to give him my lecture notes (I had very good notes and I had passed my exam in advance) but I still don't know why I didn't give them to him. That colleague failed and he was on the verge of not passing it at the supplementary examinations.
When I was in the fifth class the rating was done in our mark-books. I hadn't been examined yet but I had heard from my classmates about the scolding they had got at home. My first mark was in geography - good 4. I judged I had known for more than that and I put down "very good" for fear of being scolded. Naturally my parents guessed all about it. They rebuked me for what I had done.
I had undertaken to help my sister for her class work but some unexpected circumstances prevented me from doing that.
I felt it when I came home after the examination session and I said I had not passed my last exam.
The sense of guilt came over me too, when I interrupted my studies. Why ? Because I felt guilty before my parents ! They believed in me though this event did not make them disbelieve me.
A sense of guilt before my parents when I had to discountinue my studies in the first year because of unpassed exams.
I didn't visit a very close friend at the hospital and some days later he died.
I remember about an unpleasant event in relation to my mother. I felt guilty before her.
When once my mother asked me to do some work for her at home because she was busy and moreover this work was to be done by a man. But it remained undone.
Last year I put off an exam for the autumn session without knowing if there was a supplementary examination session. When I came home with my exam unpassed I felt guilty before my parents when I remembered how much they had done for me.
I felt guilty when I had taken the car keys and I had an accident but as my parents did not know who was to blame, they punished my brother because I had no driving licence and they thought it impossible that had driven the car.
I felt guilty when I failed to take an exam though I had had enough time to read for it but I hadn't made use of it.
I feel always guilty before my parents when I come home and have to tell them I have failed an exam.
Something very unpleasant happened when I was a soldier and I was directly involved in it.
I remember when I was a little boy I broke a Swiss dinner set quite involuntarily.
When at times unconscienciously I speak to my mother in a high tome but after that I am sorry and I feel guilty.
Guilt at often being unable to visit a close relative in hospital after her death I felt very guilty and wished I had done more.
When I had lied to a friend/son about some things we had discussed and I had to be one better.
I felt guilty at being part of the successful people. Felt guilty at being a student when other people were not. Guilt about being a potential success in various areas of society. (So stupid this emotion)
Not attending school, when  am not sick - but in need of mental rest. Staff on your return query your "sickness" - it is easier in N.Z. to be sick, rather than confide other personal reasons etc.
When I accepted a lunch invitation from a past male friend.
When I made an excuse to get out of participating in an important family occasion that I should not have missed.
This feeling of guilt really applies to moral/religious views. I (being Catholic) went against what I was brought up to believe in and had a sexual relationship with my boyfriend. Many months later, when I was doing some deeper self analysis I began to feel guilty and realized that I had gone against what I wanted for myself and my future.
I did not attend a social studies observation class for 1 whole week (I am a student trainee teacher). Anyway the other teachers thought this was okay because the teacher I was supposed to observe was not well liked. The teacher was in fact really nice to me - but I wanted to get out of teaching a hard topic he had given me.
When I had to go to reconciliation before converting to Catholicism but then once received - o.k.
This I experienced when going around with more than one girl.
When I had to lie about my age to be accepted as a member of a group.
I lied to my mother in the sixth form she said she would ring to find out and I had to tell her I had lied.
When I masturbated in my room.
When I betrayed my lover, she told me something in confidence, I felt at the time I had to relay the information back to the person concerned, as I felt the situation volitile, did this without telling my lover, she felt like piggy in the middle, as she was not directly concerned. Maybe you could call it gossip I felt different after I had slept on it. If I had waited, thought, NOW I would not have done it.
I felt that I contributed to a possible rift in the relationship between a boy and girl soon to be married, in my flat after I moved in. After stating my celibacy to him which she overheard and didn't previously know about I suspect.
While intoxicated I damaged my sister's car in a minor way and someone elses in a minor way.
Had started a relationship and did nothing to keep it up, partly the use of another person.
Making a sexual pass at my cousin with whom I have a very close personal relationship.
Slept with someone close to my girlfriend and myself.
When I deliberately engineered a situation to cause tension between friends so as to bolster the impression one of them had of me !
Adolescent guilt growing up feeling "bad, immoral" sexual desires, some 10yrs ago.
I was late meeting someone for an appointment.
I was using my sister's stereo while everyone was out. I know she wouldn't want me to and I would get into trouble if she found out. But she was only partly justified in forbidding me to use it. She never found out.
Guilty when I hadn't walked my dog for quite a few days and had given her no attention.
When something went wrong for me I lashed out at someone else whom I loved and who was not in any way responsible for what had happened (my sister).
I borrowed a friend's books and forgot I had them, she asked for them back and I told her I didn't have them. I duly found and returned them.
Forgot to turn up on prescribed day for jury service.
When I made a mistake at work and when questioned about it pretended I had nothing to do with the problem.
Breaking the left hand indicator box by moving too close to structure.
Boyfriend doing cleaning in situation where it was my job to do it. Later snapped at him over trivial thing. He looked downcast. I felt guilty - "he's just done all that work for me".
Two timing - going out with 2 guys at once (secretly).
I spent all weekend with a friend instead of studying for my exams.
Telling white lies.
When caught shop-lifting as for shame.
Telling a lie to wife over phone about what I had been working at.
Two-timing - going out with person other than guy I was in relationship with.
Someone asked me to do something and I made up an excuse and said no. I then went and didn't the same thing with someone else and hoped the first person never found out.
The first time I went away with my boyfriend and lied about where we were staying.
When my sister had the opportunity to do some modelling work. And I was quite jealous - later on the photographer decided not to take her photograph, and she was very upset - I felt guilty as a result, almost as if I had caused her to lose her opportunity, by not being genuinely happy for her in the first place.
NO RESPONSE.
I told my pesent boyfriend that I was an Australian as are my parents. As the relationship developed I found it harder and harder to confess and became sure it would end our relationship. He eventually found out when told in front of me by my mother.
When I crashed by bike into an old lady crossing a road and knocked her down.
At the age of 12 (or so) I stole from a Ranger's fruit tree an apple. (And eventually was compelled to confess - Dostoersky would like this).
Stealing money from a milk token jar from a close friend of the family when visiting.
Beating my brother up.
My grandmother wanted me to help her. I was driving a tractor pulling a dead branch off a tree. I told her she didn't respect me.
Describing to mother how a hole in the wall had appeared while I was babysitting.
Missing lectures and avoiding university work for no reason when it had to be done.
When I had to lie to my boyfriend so that he wouldn't suspect I'd bought him a xmas present as expensive as I had.
I took my father's car to church one Sunday (I told them that's where I was going ) I decided instead to go for a drive to the beach - on the way I got a puncture.
I let my pet budgie loose to fly around my room one afternoon. A few hours afterwards I found he was still free, went in and out of my room leaving the door open. My cat got in and killed my budgie - this happened to 3 budgies.
When my husband discovered I was having an affair with another man.
In a playground I was playing at the seesaw with a little niece. I wanted to stop but nobody came to help me. When I got off, all alone the seesaw fell down with a big smash. My niece got hurt above her eye. Now there is a scar.
I had made an appointment with a girl to go to the movies, but actually I had no mind when we arrived at the cinema, it was a full house. I then went back and she went to the movie alone.
My mother wants to talk very often about her life. I dislike this because she always talks negatively about the same people whatever I do it doesn't help.
I moved to Nijmegen for my study. Soon after this my mother had to be admitted in hospital because of cardiac compliants. I knew that my moving was an important reason for this.
I felt guilty when I once went out with another boy and made love with him while I had a close boyfriend.
That I didn't want my friend to leave on holiday for 10 days because I thought I would miss him. I was constantly trying to persuade him.
I had a girlfriend which I used to call regularly. Then I didn't phone her for a while. At a certain moment I felt a little tension which became worse.
When I took a car which was not mine, and suddenly it stopped working.
I ran over my dog with a bicycle when I was carrying him tied to the handle bar.
I thought that I could have avoided the above situation (the one in fear) if I had concentrated more on my work, which I hate.
When I finished a test type of exam and did not dare to answer any question, I doubted whether I would pass the exam  or not.
My mother always took my side. That brought about quarrels with my father. I knew she didn't like that and I felt very sorry for that.
I was out with a friend in a place where it was very, very busy. When we wanted to go I bumped a person, who dropped his glass beer I offered a new one but he didn't accept it.
When I flew out to my mother and made rude remarks because I felt so tense (studied too hard for an examination).
When my father (physically handicapped) asks me to do something and I raise several objections. Often I can fix it in few moments.
When I made love with a girl, which I don't really love. However I know that she loves me.
My parents appreciate very much me and my boyfriend coming and have dinner with them at Christmas. However we decided to visit his parents. My mother was rather disappointed.
I chatted up with a girl who I didn't love. She however was fallen in love with me. I felt responsible for her sorrow.
I spend the night with my boyfriend, while there was also a friend of his. We all lay on the floor to sleep. When my boyfriend was fallen asleep the other boy and I started petting. After 15 minutes I felt miserable and awoke my boyfriend to tell him that.
When I was 4-5 years old my mother gave me some parts of a chocolate bar and ordered me to bring it to my father working outside. On my way I could not resist the temptation and ate it myself.
Very often I take care for my little sister and oversee her duties. Most of the time everything went fine, but sometimes she absolutely didn't want to obey; then I hit her (we frequently were hit by our father).
I wanted to finish a relationship after 3 months. Unfortunately my friend had a different opinion. I could not answer his feelings this made him unhappy, and me feel guilty.
When I realised that I had rejected a boy, who was fallen in love with me, rather bluntly four times.
After a quarrel with my mother in which matters were "inflated" enormously.
My girlfriend and I agreed to go to the cinema. However I completely forgot our appointment. I remembered it two hours too late when I went to visit her.
When I tell someone no. In other words when I refuse to do something although I could have helped him.
After a courtship of three months I made an end to it. The boy was very sad about this.
I once drank too much alcohol and became very ill. This was in the presence of my friends.
When I see that my mother forces my little brother (15 years) to work very hard for school. I don't agree that she constantly puts him to work, but I don't tell it to her, so nothing changes.
I told someone that I still had a relationship with a boy although it was finished already 3 months before. That person seriously discussed several things relating that issue. Then I felt very miserable because I had told lies.
In Biarritz (the South of France) I met some English students who, especially for me, went to Paris and gave me food, while I didn't have any more money.
When my father told me that I should help my mother more often, because she was so busy. And I realized that he was right.
I borrowed a piece of music of someone and I always forgot to give it back. That person wrote me a letter asking me to give it back. I did so and I told him an idle story why I kept it for so long.
When I was caught with another man's wife.  I had taken the opportuinty as this man was abroad but he returned that night.
I broke my friend's badminton racket and she kept quiet about it.
I was in grade seven and my class was planning a protest against a rude and immoral teacher.  I sneaked out and told the headmaster about it and so the plan was foiled.
I beat up a female friend after I heard the defamatory stories that she had been telling.  I was later called to explain my behaviour.
When I was made to feel responsible for the emotional state a friend of mine was in.
I have cut loose from my father a few years ago. I know he is very sad about this.
When my friend needed my help very much and I, at that moment, made an end to our relationship.
Someone had to do a lot of efforts to make something work. With my help he would have finished much sooner, but I wasn't in the mood to help him.
A friend of mine had a bicycle-accident because I pulled at his handlebar.
I saved up money for a good purpose. As I also have to organise a party I am afraid there will rest only a little money for the good purpose I feel guilty about this.
When I talked to another student about the notes she got last semester, not knowing that she got a lot of bad grades.
When I had a little accident with my boss'car.
My mother always evokes feelings of guilt in me. For instance when I miss the last bus I know she will be concerned for me and stay awake till I arrive.
When I didn't bring my girlfriend home one night. Later she told me that a cardriver solicited her.
Flirting with other girls while I already had a very good relationship. When there are problems in my relationship, the flirting increases as does the feeling of guilt.
Being catched when stealing.
I was of the opinion that 12.00 pm was too early to be back at home after going out, so I stayed away longer, knowing that my mother would be worried.
Against the will and without the approval of my parents I went for a few days to my boyfriend in Germany.
That I didn't take the time to make an appointment with someone.
A good friend of mine who is at the moment in a foreign country. I didn't write her for several months and now I feel guilty.
When I got associated with a boy one year ago, I neglected my best friend. When the relation with this boy finished she behaved very easy-going towards me. I felt guilty then.
When I don't go to my parents on Sunday and phone them to tell them that I have to study. The truth is that I listened to sports on the radio.
When I took the car of someone without saying it to him.
I felt guilt towards my mother when I went to live on rooms in Nijmegen where I study.
When I became angry at my boyfriend without any reason. I know he cannot bear me being angry at him and that he can't study anymore then.
I knew I had to take an exam very soon but yet I couldn't start studying. I also knew it was very imprtant to succeed the exam this time.
When I have to take exams I am very excited and have not much time for the housekeeping. Then my friend has to do everything.
A few weeks ago I thought about an exam I had to take soon. I remembered this just before I had to go to sleep. I felt guilt because at the beginning of the year I planned to succeed.
During a holiday in East-Germany I got aquainted with a boy who lived there. We started writing, but I only wrote once. I felt ashamed because I probably was one of his sparse contacts with western Europe.
I was caught sneaking sweets.
I became very angry with my friend because he didn't do shopping, while we agreed on him doing this. My being angry was proved to be without reason and I felt guilty about it.
When having a relationship, I made love with another girl.
When I had broken a piece of glass of the refrigerator by putting a hot pan in it.
After the death of a girl who I disliked.
When I cancelled an appointment with an idle story. Afterwards it appeared that the person had looked forward to it and reserved time for it.
Yesterday my boyfriend and I wanted to play billiards. However there were boys playing (5 times). My boyfriend then is fed up and chagrined. In such case I think it is my fault.
I made an appointment to pick up someone. However I arrived too late and she had to wait a quarter of an hour.
When I realized that I avoided two good friends with whom I always shared toys and sorrows. I made up idle stories to avoid telling them what happened to me.
I call my mother at least once a week. However last week I completely forgot. This morning she called me, she thought I felt ill.
I once torn the inner tube of a bike, that was not mine. Then I saw it was a brand new one. I felt very guilty then.
Once after falling in love, I imagined that particular girl to be perfect and completely overshadowing my girlfriend. Afterwards I realized that this image was not objective. I felt guilty against both girls.
A certain friend evokes positive feelings, when I am with him but negative feelings when he is not present. I feel the need to express those negative feelings. However, when I speak about him, I always think: Why do I like this, he does not deserve this, but still I do so.
I know that a certain person feels very lonely, and that she always looks forward to seeing me. However, often I am too busy to visit her, then I feel guilty.
[ I can not remember anything in particular.  What I can remember is feelings of having done or said something which then had negative consequences.]
Because I had not studied.
When I failed an exam I thought I could pass easily.
I went to a pub with a group of friends (not very close) and I was with one girl most of the time, while the other girls in the group wanted to be with me.  They stopped talking to the girl I was with.
After an argument with a friend of mine.
My younger sister was almost run over by a lorry.
When my brother ran away from home and I thought it was because of my continously scolding him.
When I had an argument with my grandfather the day my younger brother was born.
When I shouted at my mother when she was nervous and depressed.
When I failed an exam for which I knew that I had not studied hard enough.
During an argument with my brother, I behaved rather intransigently, even cruelly, wishing to morally hurt the "person" opposed to me.
When I was with a girl who seemed to love me, while I was with her just to go to bed with her.
When I triffled with other people.
I was with a girl one night and then did not call her again, although she had asked me to do so.
I was looking after a child and she fell down because I was not paying her much attention.  One side of her face got bruised.
Some of my friends had an argument.  I had earlier phoned one of them and that may have influenced him to argue.
I left a boy with whom I was going around without giving him any explanations.
When my parents quarelled over something I had done and which was wrong.
When I inadvertantly made some close friends and relatives feel bad.
When I hurt a person's feelings.
When I broke something and a friend of mine was blamed.
When I saw a program on Ethiopia on T.V, a fews hours earlier I had thrown away some clothes and food.
I was entrusted with an object and while using it I handled it carelessly and it broke.
I had an argument with my boyfriend.  It was my fault but my pride would not let me admit it.
When my brother had to spend all evening repairing a gear-lever that I had broken.
When a friend of mine was beaten for what was my fault.
I could have passed the last exam of the public competition, but I failed as I had not studied.
One night, after having decided to finish our relationship, I took my girlfriend home.  While driving back home, I felt that I had not handled the whole thing very well.
Not to have studied enough when exams were near.
To force someone to do something that suits me.
I was going around with a girl without loving her.  Not only did I go around with her, but we did many more things.  In the end I was not very sincere to her.
It was about midnight and I wanted to go to the countryside (I was in town) to watch the stars in the sky.  My mother did not like this, in spite of it I went out for a while.  My mother got angry.
Once I had some homework to do and I did not do it.
Family discord and uneasiness due to something I did not communicate on time.
As I was not paying attention, my little brother fell off the table.
I had to undergo an operation in Summer and so my family had to stay at home during the holidays.  I felt guilty, above all because of my brothers.
One day, I was alone on duty when a patient choked while eating.  I ran to her and tried to make her breath, but it was too late.
I was driving a friend's car, and I got close to the pavement to ask my way and I struck a parked car.
When I lost my study grant without having attended any exam in the career I had started, and it was too late to cancel my registration.
Once, I accidentally injured a boy in the eye and he almost lost it.
Incomprehension and repression towards a child's behaviour, commonly not accepted, and making the child cry.
When a close classmate failed a year.
In an exam I answered the questions rather carelessly and afterwards I thought that the exam would have been better had I answered more carefully.
When I do or say something inappropriate which hurts people close to me.
In an exam when I answered the questions with very little assurance due to insufficiet preparation.
I was alone at home when I broke a figure and then mended it.  A few days later my mother noticed it and asked me about it, I told her that I had no idea.
Having suffered a not very pretty sight, I reacted by uttering some very cruel and sharp words.
I made another person cry for an unjustified cause.
I rejected a person whom I had always thought to be a friend.  I told him so and he reacted angrily.  I felt guilty at not having realized it before and at having hurt him.
I was in a cafe with another person when, suddenly, several close friends of my partner appeared.  I did not know what to do and my partner felt uncomfortable.
[ When I act thinking that I know everything and I then realize that there were things I had not thought about, thus hurting others.]
In a situation with my girlfriend I took a decision.  Later when I thought about it, I realized that it was an erroneous decision.
A friend of mine felt bad because of something I had done to something that belonged to him.
When I used an adjective for a person without knowing what it meant.   When I got to know the meaning, I felt guilty as it was a clear and unfair insult.
I had an argument with a friend of mine.  She would not let me speak and then I began to shout at her.  She got angry and left, I did not try to prevent her from leaving.
I had arranged to meet my friends at a certain place, and I was with other people.  My friends did not arrive and the people who were with me began to get tired.  My friends were one hour late.
When I was very young, one day, I kicked my grandmother and caused her an injury which took a long time to heal.
I am not very affectionate and I feel guilty as I do not give as much affection as I receive.
I had promised to say goodbye to a person who was going on a trip, and I did not turn up.
One night, I went out with some friends for dinner and I did not tell my parents that I would come back late.  I thought of phoning but in the end I did not.  When I arrived home, my parents were very worried.
I had a small argument with a relative and some other people got implicated.  It resulted in a proper row.
At school, I did not tell the teacher that it was me who had laughed, and she punished the entire class by making them stay behind for one hour.
At a party, several comments were made about the personal situation of one of the people present.  She was rather affected and uncomfortable.
When I noticed the negative changes in a friend's behaviour. 
I was spending a few days at my aunt's place.  One night I got home very late, I had told them I was going to a party but I went to another place.  They were very worried.
Due to a misunderstanding on my part, two of my best friends quarelled.
A friend of mine said in a group that she felt lonely and withdrawn from everyone because of mental deficiency.
When I was young I felt guilty because I thought that I had commited a grave sin.
A friend of mine had the sleeves of a leather coat stolen from his car.  It was me who had left them there for everyone to see.
Classes were over and I wanted to go home.  A friend of mine asked me to wait for half an hour to take him back home.  I said no.  
Arguing with my younger cousin.  She is rather a nuisance but I felt sorry.
Once, when I arrived home very late, my parents had an argument because of this; my mother wanted to stand up for me.
A friend of mine trusted me to back her in a decision she had made.  But when the moment came I did not agree with her opinion.
When I arrived home late at night.  I know that my mother gets worried and this made me feel angry.
When I did not give back a text book to a friend in time.
When I blamed my niece for misplacing my book, she denied having touched or seen it but I carried on insisting that it was her.
When they found out that I was absent from school, I had gone to the girl's secondary school.
I destroyed my step-brother's bedsheets by mistake, they were the only ones he had.
When I lied to my mum, who later came to know that what I had been teling her was false.
When my uncle found me having sexual intercourse with a distant relative of mine in the sitting room, on the couch.  I failed to stop and get up, I carried on.
When I was caught stealing mangoes in a certain compound.
When I went to my room-mate's drawer to see if she had an iron  which I could use, she came in.  I felt guilty as she may have thought that I had been stealing.
When I beat up my son for having beaten up his sister.
When I was caught sneaking back into the house at night after having  gone to a disco without permission.
My brother wanted money but I refused to give it to him, two days later he stole it from my father.
When I was caught with my girlfriend in the house at night.
When my mother returned from a holiday, I told her a lie i.e my father had brought another woman home while she was away.
When I gave in to what my wife wanted and locked the cat out, it was killed by the dogs.
When I insulted an elderly person for no reason.
My cousin knocked on the door, looking for me to get her watch back.  I had given it to my girlfriend, Lizzy, as a present.
When I was afraid to tell my sports teacher at secondary school that I had not participated in the sports activities the previous day.
I bumped my dad's car in a lamp post.  He was not at home then, neither was he home when I left for the campus.  I did not tell him about the accident and I will never tell him.
I felt guilty when I heard the results of my friend, who had failed.  I wished that I had helped him.
When I had sufficient amount of money, I brought more clothes for myself than for the children - I  felt bad about it.
I caught a close relative with the servant of the house.
When I took drugs.
I remember deceiving my brother, I told him that I was going to attend the Sunday service, instead I went out to the town with a friend. 
When I did something wrong in the past and denied having done it when asked about it later.
My father caught me having sexual intercourse with my closest cousin.  There was nothing wrong with it but the female was too old for me.
I took some money from my parent's house without asking them for it, and I was caught red handed.
Dad had just married his second wife (my step-mother) and I did not like her so I went to the wardrobe and set fire to her dresses.  Eveyone suspected my brother and he had to bear the consequences.  Nobody ever got to know that it was me who had done it. 
When I cheated my father about the book allowance at university.  He discovered that we were given K150 per year for books.
My mother had sent me to buy a few things.  The change I brought back was not right as I had given away some money to a friend thinking that she would not notice it.  However, my mother told me that the change was not correct.
I send a word to my boss through my servant telling him that I would not report for work as I was not feeling well and that the   doctor had refused to give me sick leave.  My intention was actually to go out of Lusaka for a week-end.  I left the same day and the following morning my boss found me in Mongu.  I felt guilty when asked to explain things on my return.
I accused my husband of being late deliberately when he came to pick me up from work.
When I broke up my relationship with my former girlfriend as she would ask me irrelevant quetions about my past.
A certain woman had asked me to make something for her and I kept putting it off.  When I finally made it, I did not see her for days only to be told one day that she had collapsed and died.  I felt quite guilty as she had jokingly said that I might not do what she had requested me to do.
When I beat up a first year student at my secondary school in my capacity as the deputy head boy.  He had woken up late in the  morning for manual work.
When my boyfriend asked me to go out with him and I refused because I wanted to go out with another guy.  I did go out and my boyfriend found out.
My baby sister was 2-3 months old and when I was trying to get her on my back, she slipped and fell.
I was to inform the neighbour on my left that a robber had been spotted the same evening near the house of the neighbour in front.  I did not do it and the same day the thieves broke into this neighbour's house.
I was caught stealing a box of matches in the supermarket and had to plead guilty.
One day my mother went to visit her friends.  When she came back she scolded me for not having kept the house in order, so I decided not to talk to her.
When my aunt went out of her way to help me out with my financial problems.
When I took a small boy's share of choclale.  He was our guest and so had been given a larger share of the sweets.
The day I came home drunk after having attended a disco party.
I was caught doing something bad and I bribed the person who caught me.  Later I felt very bad, maybe I should have paid for my bad behaviour.
I came across a blind man sitting in one of the corridors and asking for money, though I had some money I did not give him anything.
When my library books were overdue and I did not have the money to pay for them.
When I "passed out" a female friend of mine for no apparent reason.  I was under the influence of drugs and when I am like that I get mad at anyone, however small the provocation.
When I lied at home.   I told them that I was going to a Christian meeting and I went to see my boyfriend instead.
I got into a bad fight in a bar and my friend received a bad cut above his left eye while trying to separate us.
I took my grandmother's money without telling her and when asked if it was me who had taken the money, I denied it.
The fridge we had at home had a lock.  One day when I wanted something, I unscrewed the door but unfortunately I was caught in the act.
When I told a person something that had happened to my friend, and this person went and told my friend.
When I beat up a stupid boy who was fond of cracking jokes on me.
When I sided with my mother in a quarrel she had with my father before they briefly separated.
I felt guilty of having suspected my room-mate of stealing the money last term.
We were at secondary school and I was making a lot of noise.  The teacher came to ask us as to who was making all the noise.  I did not own up so the  whole class was punished.
I broke a glass of glycerine at the Z.C.B.C store in Ndola.
When one of my lovers told me that I was a flirt.
I did not deliver a message on time.
When I applied for a false travelling claim allowance and later I thought that I would be found out.
I felt guilty when I said bad things to my sister, I had not intended to do so.  She cried a lot and later she fell ill and I felt responsible for her illness.
When I was late for work and told my boss that it was due to transport problem, whereas the truth was that I had woken up late.  I thus cheated my boss.
Last year I was asked to look after my niece while her mother was cooking.  Unfortunately the kid fell off the bed, I was confident that she would not fall and had not been paying much attention.
When I told the driver at my workplace to lie and tell the boss that it was not me who was responsible for the delay.  The boss was very annoyed and the driver was punished and a day's salary was taken away from him.
When it was discovered that I had done the assignment at my work place, this caused a lot of embarrassment for me.
When I was caught going out with another girl by my girlfriend.
One day when I was working, I went out for dinner with friends without my parents knowledge and I only came home at 2300 hours.
This is a kind of confession - my mum found me stealing meat from the pot.
When I nearly got my fiancee pregnant.
I failed to keep a promise and this had a serious effet on someone's problem.
When my friend was punished for something that I had done.
I had stopped talking to a very close friend of mine.  A week later he came over to try and make friends with me  again and from the way he talked I felt that he was a very mean preson.
When I hurt my sisters for no reason at all.
An item which belonged to a friend of mine was missing.  I had taken it earlier and I thought that I had returnrd it so when he asked me for it I stubbornly refused having it.  Later when I looked for it, I found it in my room.
When I had lied, saying that I never take bread from the dinning hall and a friend of mine caught me doing it.  He thus proved to me that I did in fact take the bread.
A girl dropped some stuff from her bag and when I tried to help her I realized that she had used me and I was made to look like a fool.
When I cheated my father and told him that the school administration wanted K80 for the purchase of a mini-bus.  Two months later the school authorities wrote back to my father for the money.  I could not go back and ask him for the money again as he had already given it to me once.
I told my elder brother that he was irresponsible and that I did not care for what he did because he was teasing me.
I was drunk one night and I insulted three ladies.  The following morning they approached me and asked me the reason behind my bahaviour, I apologized for my unruly behaviour.
When I discovered that the girl I was courting was a relative of mine.
I bought something and the shopkeeper gave me more change, I realized this after I had left the shop and was on the bus-stop - and I then needed the money.
When I got fired from a job because I gave a discount to a friend.
I blew up at someone for being confused and because of his irresponsibility and afterwards I felt guilty and that I had no right.
When I was 5, a few of my friends and I would light matches for fun. One of my friends confessed to her parents and my parents, I guess, knew or suspected I was involved but I said I knew nothing about it.
When I committed the sin of immorality mentioned before.
A few days back my mother was not feeling too well and still did all the house work.  I felt guilty as I had not offered to help.
[ I have not felt this emotion.]
When my pet dog,who was to us a family member, died.  He had been vomitting for the past three days and we had not found the time to call a vet, finally when the vet came it was already too late.
In the begining of teenage, on the matters of sex - speaking about sex.
[ Never felt the emotion.]
A friend of mine got encouragement and I did not, as the supervisor did not like me.
I had known the girl for a few months when I proposed to her and this put an end to our friendship, as from then on we started withdrawing from each other.  I liked her very much.
When I had promised to do some washing for my mother and I did not do it.  She did it herself despite her being ill.  I felt very guilty.
When I was scolded by my dad for bad behaviour.
A very, very close friend of mine used to come to my room to      see me and I naver bothered to pay him a visit.  One day he asked me the reason behind this and I gave him a shirt.
When my mother found me in her bedroom "stealing" sugar in her bedroom.  According to our customs there comes a stage when a child stops using the parents bedroom and I was well past that age.
When my friends and I were caught with our girlfriends outside the school grounds when I was at the secondary school.  We were caught by the headmaster.
A very close friend of mine invited me to spend the holidays with him.  He was very kind, good and understanding.  However it turned out that he had two of his cousins at his place.  He, however gave me everything I needed - even transport money.
I was trying to have sex with my best friend's girl but she did not agree to it.
After I reluctantly refused to dine with a certain man on the same table.
The first time that I "played with myself" despite being a Christian.  I had read in the bible that it was wrong to make love to someone one is not married to.
When I realized that not all my friends like the comments that I pass in their presence.
When my friend ended up pregnant by a gentleman whom I considered to be good and faithful but he ended up neglecting her and not bothering about her.
When I told my uncle a false story - that people had stolen the books from my room and I demanded money from him.  When he found out the truth I was in trouble.
When I overate at lunch.
When I lied to the physiology teacher.
I was to take a test and I had not made the necessary preparations until it was too late.  There were two days to go and I still had not done much.
When I got very drunk and really misbehaved at Christmas.
When I cheated my trusting girlfriend by telling her that I was a qualified doctor and later she found out that I was only a medical student at the preclinical level.
When I forgot to cook something that my mother had told me to, and at supper time the food that I was supposed to have prepared was not there.
When I beat up my brother so badly, for not having gone to school, that we had to take him to hospital.
When I laughed at a lame man walking down the road, it looked funny at the time but later I felt lousy.  It was the same day that I had stolen some coins from my mother in the shop.
I encouraged my brother to play football and he was hurt while playing the game.
In September 1984 I got two girls pregnant and the families of both the girls confronted me .  The fact was that my parents were around and I felt guilty answering some of the questions.
[ I do not remember any event when I felt guilty.]
When I could not fulfill my expectations.
[ I have not felt this emotion in my life.]
When I did not concentrate on my studies despite my mother's help and cooperation.
Mentioning a book to the person who borrowed it.
I did not do my homework and went to see a film.
Telling my parents that I did not get into a good university.
I am not good enough to join any team to play sport for the class.
Too busy to write letters to friends and they said I had forgotten about them.
Broken a friend's cup.
Did not pick up a water mellon skin, someone slipped on it.
Thinking about other things in a lecture.
When the student union leaders were expelled from the university and we continued to study.
I broke a cup and put it back without telling anyone about it and someone almost got blamed for it, then it was discovered that it was me who had broken it.
Whenever I see poverty and starvation. I live in an affluent society and am privileged to have many opportunities.
The night of a high school dance, I went partying and collided with another car. Both cars were totalled; people were injured but not seriously.
In neglecting some work that had to be done around the house and telling my roommate I would get it done.
After moving out of my apt. I took all the furniture and dishes and everything. It was mine but I took it all just to spite my roomies. We had a few (a lot) of disagreements. I felt guilt for moving out for the bad reasons.
Getting a D in a class last semester and knowing it was because I didn't study.
I called off a relationship with one girl so I could see another.
My mom told me not to gamble, but I did anyway. Sometimes I would even take some money from my parents and brother. She found out and yelled at me.
When I was a kid I stole toys from other kids.
About not helping my sister when she asked me to help her on her chemistry class. I pretended to be busy.
When I did not go to work because I had to study for a midterm.
After days or weekends where I did not accomplish the amount of sudying that I wanted to because of more pleasant activities which come up.
When I lied last week. I lied to someone to get info. for a paper I was writing. I told her that the info. was for a newspaper article. I was afraid if I told the truth she wouldn't help me.
I'm allergic to most foods - eating something that I'm allergic to caused guilt.
Forgetting a close friend's birthday.
I slammed my little brother into a wall because he was bothering me.
When I was about 17 years old and I stole some pens from a stationery store because I didn't have enough money.
Having an affair with my good friend's best friend. And every time I see my best friend I feel guilt because we can't tell him.
When I copy someone else's problem set.
Sleeping through crew practice one Monday morning.
I felt guilty when I mislead a person into thinking he was a close friend when that person was more of a casual acquaintance.
A person I was attracted to walked me home in the rain and got sick.
I forgot my mother's and sister's birthdays (they fall on the same day).
When I stole something.
I mangled the side of my dad's van on a fence. I did not realize the extent of the damage until he showed it to me the next day. The shock on my face was genuine so a friend interceded with a good excuse which I did not deny. I never clarified the situation.
Remembering (at the time I did not feel guilt) in recent yrs. how angry I would get when I was babysitting my new brother and he would not stop crying. I did not do anything harmful or shocking. But I feel guilty for treating him the way I did especially since I adore him now. That's why I spoil him now.
I told my parents (or more realistically) would not do what they wanted me to do anymore. I guess I sort of betrayed them after all they had done for me.
I was at school and afterwards went to work. After work I went to see a friend and stayed out late. when I got home my mother was awake and I felt guilty.
Going out with another girl besides my girlfriend and not telling her.
Not noticing my roommates quietness or a sign of discomfort.
Lately I've felt guilty because I'm folling behind in my classes and not studying much.
Criticizing my mother when she refused to drive with the radio on. I told her that I thought she wasn't intelligent enough to cope with the radio.
I was talking to my mom on the phone and she told me that she had just gotten an award that day in front of all these people and she asked me if I wanted her to send me the article in the temple newsletter to me. I said no very quickly and felt guilty for not being more interested and hurting her feelings.
Yelled at my parents for not buying me a car like other parents.
Getting a friend an open container ticket because I got caught speeding.
I forgot about a close relatives's birthday.
I dreamed that this girl and I were cuddling in bed when my girlfriend walked in. I really love my girlfriend so I felt guilty and sad. I know that this is a wierd example but the dream and the feeling was clear to me as if it had really happened.
Having told a certain lie.
I angered a close friend and he was injured.
At a party, I started talking to a guy I had seen in one of my classes. My boyfriend felt awkward and left to talk to a friend but kept on looking at me as I talked.
When I didn't study for tests in High School. In particular  remember a physics test. I didn't study because my friends talked me out of it and we did something else boring. I felt so helpless just being there - then guilt set in because I was very close to getting an A in the class.
I went to go get a bike innertube fixed. I fixed it and I was supposed to pay previously but I didn't. I said I would after I fixed the tire. After fixing the tire, the salesperson who helped me was gone so I walked out of the store without paying. I felt guilty so I went inside and paid for the tire.
A close friend of mine was leaving for graduate school out of state. I had arranged to gather some people together the day before he left to be with him and have a good time, but I didn't pay as much attention to him as I should have.
I was supposed to have done some things for my mother, but just plain didn't get around to it.
I had found out that I was pregnant. I talked it over with my boyfriend and he was unsupportive - yet encouraged an abortion - I did.
A friend was going to come stay the weekend with me, but something came up and I cancelled out on him.
I was pregnant and thought that by not having the baby I would hurt the father like he did me regardless of the life we had created.
I added a little   ?   to a yield in an experiment to get more of a yield.
Eating the last remains of dinner that someone else (unknown to me) had claimed.
When my grandfather was in a nursing home when I was young I never wanted to go and sometimes didn't have to and later I felt guilty.
When I did not defend my close friend when my father degraded him. I felt guilty for allowing my father to get away with his actions and for the hurt my friend felt. I cleared the matter up with my father a few weeks later.
I've had three midterms in the past two weeks and I hardly studied for any of them (like 1 or 2 days) I feel guilty that I hadn't studied and I got C's on all of them.
When my father's car got stolen from me. (A 1966 Ford Mustang - very hard to replace).
Promising to do a task for a friend and just forgetting about it.
After yelling at my girlfriend, I felt bad because she was ? crying and upset.
After confronting the person who stood me up, I blew up and said all the wrong things.
Decided at the last minute not to do something that I said I would do with a person.
[ I felt guilt when I was not co-operative with my mother for my exam.]
I felt guilty when I lied to my parents.
When my friend failed an exam by just one mark.  During this exam she had asked me to show her my answer sheet and I had not done it.  When the results came out, I thought that had I shown her my answer sheet she would have passed the exam.  I felt guilty as I had failed her.
[ I have never felt this emotion.]
I went to the cinema with my friends, without telling my mother about it as I had been to the cinema the day before also.  When she asked me where I had been, I lied.
[ I have never felt this emotion.]
I had gone to see one of our professors about a book, and I did not  attend the class she took a few minutes later.
I felt guilty when I lied to my parents.
When my mother scolded me and I argued with her.
When I fought with my friends.
Once I lied to my parents and this made me feel very guilty.
When I was taking the 11th standard exam, my friend who was sitting behind me asked me for some answers.  The teacher looked at us just then and scolded both of us.  Everyone started looking at us and I felt very guilty.
 In some special circumstances l lied to my parents, then felt guilty so I told them the truth and felt free.
One day I went to see a movie without my parents permission.  It was an adult movie and I was scared that my parents would not allow me to see the movie.  However after coming home I felt very guilty at what I had done.
While having an argument with my daughter, I got angry and over-excited and said angry words.
When I could neither measure up to the expectations of the teacher nor to my own expectations in one of the assignments.
I could not take care of my mother when she was admitted to a hospital  for surgery, I continued my studies as I could not get leave.
When I do not put in the needed amount of hours of work or study for the day, I feel guilty and try to make up for the lost time.
I had enough time to do my assignment, and I did not do it well.  When the lecturer scolded me, I had this feeling.
When I could not complete my assignment on time.
Once I was not able to give a relative, who was in a critical period, a helping hand.  Whenever I think about it I feel guilty  for letting down the person who trusted me to give him a helping hand.
[ The day I have not worked (academic) hard enough.]
[ Whenever I do something prohibited or wrong I feel guilty.]
My mother misunderstood me and prevented me from doing something.  In return I did not talk to her for a few days, only later on I realized that what she had done had been for my good.
I did badly in one of the vital exams, despite getting proper guidance from my parents.  I felt guilty of improper use of the chances provided to me. 
When an event took place in another's life and which I thought I could have avoided.
I was coming back home with my mother when the purse I was carrying got stolen.  It was done so swifty that I did not realize what had happened till much later.  A lot of money and the keys of the house were lost.  I was guilt ridden at my carelessness.  I felt terrible as I do not normally loose things and this was quite important, especially the keys.
When I was responsible for getting my friend run-out in a vital cricket match.
I read about the national and social spirit and self-discipline of the people of developed coutries like U.S.A, England, France, Germany etc.  Comparing this to the Indian people I felt guilty as they have no national spirit or self-discipline.
One day my mother forced me to eat more and I refused, the next day she served me more rice and mutton pieces than usual.  When I saw this I got very angry and scolded her, and refused to eat.  Later I felt guilty and asked her to excuse me.
One of my friends came to know through some other friends that I   had applied for some course in an institute.  He asked me "why did not you tell me, I would also have applied."  At that I felt guilty.
When I realized that I was not working hard enough and was not being useful as an individual to the society or the family, guilt at spending money on uncalled for activities - in short wasting my life.
At times I have been attracted to conducts which are socially degraded due to their ill consequences, and then I feel guilty.
I had promised to send something to a friend and it completely slipped my mind.  I felt guilty for having forgotten.
A few days back a friend of mine had asked me to call on him on Sunday.  I had accepted it but later did not go for no specific   reason.  I just slept in my room.  The next day this friend called  me up and told me that he had been expecting me the day before and his wife had prepared a very good lunch for me, which had gone waste.  I felt very bad about this incident and it has been growing in my heart ever since.
One day at school I had quarrelled with a school-mate, and ultimately I had hit him hard.  He, being physically weak had to visit his doctor and remain absent from school for two days.
At my native place I was riding my cycle, which did not have lights, at night and so a police man caught me.  I requested him to let me go but he would not so after a few minutes I just escaped.
[ Never experienced.]
During class one day I walked out of the class.  The teacher noticed it and decided that he would take some action against me, when I realized this I approached him and told him that I was sorry for the incident and would not repeat it.
A few lies that I had indulged in, a few years ago, while raising loans from my friends.
When I got low marks in the final year B.Sc exams, I felt guilty as I had not worked hard because I had been roaming around with my  friends.
I felt guilty when I thought that I was still not standing on my own feet.
[ Never felt guilty, as I have never done anything which could make me feel guilty.]
I was travelling in a bus from school going home for holiday. In the bus unfortunately I stepped on a bag in which there were delicate things.
Guilt conscious struck me when I failed my Standard Two Examinations in 1972. I knew that I would suffer the consequences of what I had been doing during class hours: thus playing with friends and sometimes not even going to school.
I had been on friendship with a certain girl for sometime and the love was going on well, but it happened that I made the friendship come to an end suddenly without good reasons.
I felt guilty when I was robbed of a friend's radio at Lilongwe bus depot after promising that I would keep it safe.
When a patient had died soon after I had told the guardian to wait outside the ward.
Failed to do what I had promised.
Not helping other people to do their homework.
Hurt someone's feelings unintentionally.
I am not good enough for your experiment I am doing.
Forgot to collect post for a friend.
Telling friends about your nickname.
I felt guilty when I read an advertisement for a job as a chemist in the newspaper and when my friend asked me if I had applied for that job, I told him that I had not even seen the paper of that day.
I felt very guilty when I tried to teach swimming to my younger brother, as I myself could not swim very well and my brother had started sinking to the bottom, however my elder brother saved him.
Two days after the above incident, I was thinking about my morally shameful act and I felt sorry for that incident, but it was too late, however I did realize this.
When I forced a close friend of mine to ask a girl things about herself.
[ I can positively say that I have never done anything that made me feel guilty.]
I felt very guilty when a student, sitting in front of me in the exam, asked me a few questions and I did not show him the answers,  though I knew them.
When I was bluffing in front of my mother to get more money.
My friend had written a letter to me, the contents of which I misunderstood and I wrote back a very harsh letter to her.  On realizing the blunder I had made, I felt like hiding my face in the sand.
[ Not applicable.]
[ Do not remember any incident.]
I felt the emotion when I fought somebody who was drunk and tried to disturb us while we were having meals.
One day I took my playmates to the river to swim and play. One of them was epileptic so he drowned into the water. I felt guilty because it was me who took them there.
It is some years ago when my mother found me stealing relish in the pot. It was fresh fish which was very appetising.
I was once called in court in Zemba Traditional court to answer a charge of impregnanting a young lady, I felt guilty for she had some letters which I used to write her as an exhibit in court.
I took Pharmacology books from my friend's desk without permission and I was found guilty.
Sometime back I came across a certain man who was badly beaten by some people because he was found raping the wife of the village headman.
It was when I discovered that the girl who I had proposed was a friend's girlfriend.
This situation happened when my friend me with a knife which I stole from him.
I felt guilty when I was given a prize which belonged to someone else.
Our Headmaster came to our hostel. The lights were off but there was a lot of noise. We shouted at him when he knocked at our door. We later saw that it was the Headmaster.
I felt guilty when I lost K43 for my friend when he was arrested.
A certain colleague of mine sent me to buy a bag of flour for him, he gave me K20. Unfortunately I lost it.
When I had beaten my auntie.
I felt guilty of revealing a secret to my in-law. I told her that my brother and I had gone to disconight which is a thing my brother didn't want to let her know. Later my brother was accused of spending a night out.
I felt guilty when one of my secondary teacher left me while I was in Form three, he was the only one who showed love to me.
I felt guilty when the truth was known about my impregnating the girl we were staying with.
I felt guilty one day when I was accused of running away from classes and I was caught.
The time I was at secondary school during the holiday I appeared to my father while heavily drunk and I talked nonsense like in some sort of carefree.
NO RESPONSE.
I once felt guilty when a certain passenger in the same (ship, plane ?) which I boarded when coming from home lost his 10t which in fact fell into my pocket unknowingly.
It was when I injured a friend accidentally with a stone. It made a cut on the cheeks which resulted in suturing.
I felt guilty after hearing that my girlfriend with whom I had spent most of my time was pregnant.
When I didn't notify someone that he was summoned by a headmaster and as a result he ended being on a heavy punishment.
One day I took a packet of sweets from a certain Grocery at Nathenje. Then later on I started to feel guilty and realised that I had done a wrong thing to him.
When I scored the third goal to my own side at a football match against William Murray Secondary School and we were badly defeated.
It was on January 1st 1985 when I accidentally broke a Fanta bottle in a certain bottle store in Zomba.
A child was admitted in hospital with Meningitis. I was asked to do lumber puncture to obtain Celebral Spinal fluid for diagnostic purposes. Since the condition was already bad, the child died as soon as I finished the procedure.
When a crawling child got burnt because of my negligence to keep the child away from the fire.
I once stole my father's money and denied having done it. Instead father threatened my young brother and he was beaten. He was innocent and I felt guilty.
I argued with my father on matters concerning marriage. Traditionally speaking, I was not supposed to, so I felt guilty of violating my traditions which I must hold in esteem.
I wrote a bad letter to someone concerning our relationship which we created ourselves.
I happened to have met one of my teachers in town during working hours. The badness was I didn't ask for permission to go out and I was guilty-conscious.
I hit my cousin badly after she threw away my dresses in a pit-latrine that the little girl fainted.
After I had cheated my parents that I had lost my textbooks so they had to send me money.
I felt guilt when my friends were punished to slash grass at the gound because of making noise in class. I was in the group of noise-makers but I denied having done any noise.
I went to my boyfrien's house. There I found clothes of a certain girl. Without asking whose clothes they were I started tearing them only to realise that they were his sister's and so I felt guilty.
I slapped my sister's daughter and after several hours, she had a high temperature and she ended up being admitted in hospital.
[ No description.]
One time I felt guilty when I told one of my previous boyfriends we were through just because I never felt like having one at that particular time.
One day I was chatting with children at home. Then I took a lump of soap and gave to one of them pretending that it was a sweet. I thought the child would realise that it was not. Unfortunately he did not and he put it in his mouth.
I felt guilty when I was found to be the chief leader of making noise in class.
When I promised to visit my boyfriend and I didn't fulfil the promise.
I had spent the weekend visiting relatives and friends and didn't study for Anatomy class on Monday.
I was keeping a friend's Library book which went overdue. My friend was charged for the delay in returning the book to the Library. I felt guilty when I realised I was responsible.
Before going to school I usually take something to eat right at school and this time I took Father's money without him knowing it. I felt guilty and I returned the money.
I felt guilty one day when I stole a slice of bread in a cafeteria.
I felt guilty after stealing a cookery book from my colleagues.
I felt guilt to have come back from home without seeing my father. When I went home he was at work.
I cheated my boyfriend.
I was at a boarding school during my primary school days. I was broken so I pretended I was very sick. My father came and he picked me up. He spent a lot of money on medical expenses which all proved to be negative.
At one time while at primary school I lost a pencil case of a friend and I didn't mention it to her until after a fortnight.
When a patient in the ward died (one who had been under my care). I felt as if I didn't give the appropriate care to the patient.
I felt guilty when I tore a photograph I found at my boyfriend's place only to realise that it was his sister who was on the photograph.
One day I found an incontinent man in the ward. This patient had a guardian who couldn't give him a bath. So I just left him like that but felt guilty until I went back to give him a bath.
My patient died of Anaemia while I was organising blood transfusion for him, so I felt guilty, because I thought that may be I was slow.
When I hit my young sister without a valid reason.
I felt guilty because I stole some sweets from my father's grocery. When he asked me who stole the sweets I told him it was my brother who stole the sweets and he was scolded.
When I insulted my young sister for a very little misconduct of putting on my shoes. She wrote me an apology letter and the message she included made me feel guilty.
One day I shouted at my brother who didn't do any wrong to me only that I had a disappointment from a friend and projected it on to him. He cried and I felt guilty after sometime.
I felt guilty the other day because I took two pieces of bread instead of one in the Cafeteria and some of the girls were short of bread.
I felt guilty when I had refused to lend money to my friend who needed it immediately.
I borrowed my friend's radio cassette and the plug cracked and some pieces broke off when the plug dropped off my hands.
I was to prepare relish for the family. I overcooked it and no one liked the meal that day.
I used to have two boyfriends in the past. Then one of them wanted to get engaged to me. I agreed but was guilt-conscious for disappointing the other one.
I felt guilty when I learnt that some of friends found the finished at the Cafeteria because I took food which was more than my share.
A person misinterpreted what I had told her. I had told her that I had failed to insert a NasoGastric tube but she went and scolded the patient that she was being uncooperative.
I beat my young sister because she refused to wash plates. She started crying and I felt sorry and guilty for what I did.
Make a mistake, offended my friend.
Did not read reference when other people read them.
No ideal result in the University entrance examn, guilty to family and friend.
Not handing in homeworks in time.
Gave the wrong meal tickets to other people (my classmate).
I was not able to help my sister to understand that her husband is a bad man before she was married to him.
Passing by a good friend's home without coming in to visit him.
My mother wrote me and said that I would not writ enough letters home.
Made a misjudgement in a football match.
Unable to help my mother to cook.
Did not get up early enough to watch my class football team playing against another team.
Not being a good host for a friend from a far away place.
Being miserable in a party when other people are friendly and happy.
Not accepting hints of intimate relation from a girl.
Not being able to spend more time with a friend who was visiting me.
I am not doing what I should with this questionnaire.
Being rude to someone I do not like.
A friend asked for help and I was not able to help.
Not beeing able to stay with my mother for the National Day holiday.
Did not do what I promised to do for a friend.
I hated you for not letting me go and found out that it was not your decision.
Not being able to convince my class leader that my friend is better than me to go to the English lectures.
Losing my temper to my sister.
Not being able to help my friend to do homework.
Not handing in homework in time.
Not doing well in the examn.
Could not help a student who needs help.
Insulting other people.
Not acting on my promise.
Forgot to give a present to my little nephew.
Falling in love with a close friend.
Late for a lecture and therefore missed it.
Could not buy a reference book because I got up too late to cue.
A friend asked to borrow my notes and I did not give them away (my notes too badly written)
Not getting the class paper in time for the lecture.
Not finishing homework in time.
My friend had trouble and I was not able to help him.
Did not return the library book on time.
Made a mistake at work.
Not finishing homework in time.
My sister forgot to bring presents for my birthday, I was rude to her.
Some boys told me your nickname is "Little Girl Doctor", I did not tell them off and laughed with them.
I kicked the chair in the classroom to express my anger.
Some boys talking about nicknames of the lecturers, and I was too afraid of them to stop them.
Fight with my mate after a quarrel.
Not handing in homeworks in time.
Promised to do something for other people and did not do it.
Some students have been calling lecturers nicknames and I was not able to find out who they were to stop them.
Said something I should not have said in public.
I was not able to explain well to my good friend to make him less angry.
Finding out that I have misunderstood other people.
Not handing in homework in time.
Shouting at my parents because I was angry about something else.
Not being able to help my friend to study English.
Wrongly accused a classmate.
Heard that my girl-friend was chosen for the English lectures and I was not. I lost my temper and she is very upset now.
Not collecting letters for my friend al I promised.
Calling lecturers nicknames when talking to housemen (They told ne you are even younger than they are so you should not be giving public lectures).
A friend came to visit me and I was not there.
When some housemen told me a young girl like you should not be allowed to lecture to consultants, I was too shy to argue against them.
I did not reply to my friend's letter in time. 
Not getting an airplane ticket fot my mother.
Not being able to help my friend.
A friend wanted to give me a surprise into my room and I thought she was stealing from the room.
My friend did not do well in the examn because I did not help him.
I had not done my assignment seriously.  I only pretended to finish the work as the work did not have any meaning for me.  The whole thing made me feel guilty.
One saturday night I did some meaningless work and went to bed very late.  Next morning I had was very sleepy so I continued sleeping even though I had work to do and I missed the Sunday service.
The results of the mid term examinations were very poor.
I cut a friend's hair in anger, without any consideration.
I got up late and I could not go to my lessons on time.  When I entered the class room the stare of the teacher and my classmates made me feel guilty.
My wrong behaviour made my loved one feel sad and uneasy.
Once when I was in the cell group (religious activity) I found that almost everyone in the group read the bible daily and I felt guilty in my heart.
That evening when I opened the songbook while I was singing the song "Those were the days" that guilt feeling became stronger.  The lyrics described well - I was really wrong.  The wish that I had made was really bad. If she were with me I would really be happy and we would play happily together like the days in secondary school and she would not be disappointed and gloomy because of me.
My friend came to the concert for my sake as it was me who had organized it and the concert was unsuccessful.
I refused to lend my homework to a friend.
One evening I went fishing with some friends but we could not fish as a fisherman had already put his net there.  We pulled out the net to find only crabs in it so we threw the net away.  The net was large and may have cost $1000.  The fisherman used the net to earn a living and we had had thrown it.
My younger sister wanted to take classes to learn a musical instrument.  One Saturday morning my mother asked me to go with        her for the registration.  I did not want to go  so I said that there might be many bad people at the club.  As a resullt my sister was scolded by my mother.
I made my boyfriend so unhappy and depressed that I feel guilty.
When I was fighting with my elder brother I unintentionally hurt   him in the eye with a wooden bar.  I felt guilty and feared that he would be blind, fortunately he recovered after 15 days.
I prayed unfaithfully.
One day while we were strolling along the road one of my friends suggested that we go and watch a blue film.  I was curious so I went along but I felt quite guilty later.
I was cold to my sister without meaning it, just because I was upset and frustated.
I had promised myself that I would do one good deed every day.  One night I saw a beggar whose muscles had been atrophyed.  I walked passed him thinking that he was feigning.  Later I realized that he had not been pretending and I had a feeling of guilt as I had not kept my promise.
I felt guilty at not having practised the piano.  I waste my teacher's time and guidance.
I entered the hostel this year.  My mother was ill and could not move and needed people to look after her.  Every week I left home to go back to school, I felt guilty.
I took french leave to do my homework.
Saw a blue film in a cinema.
While quarreling with my brother I broke the glass door of the cupboard and a china doll.  We were scolded by my father for breaking the door but we did not tell him about the door.
Failed to keep an appointment.
After masturbation.
I said something which was against my conscience.
I joked with an unfamiliar friend in an obstinate tone.  I was afraid of his misunderstanding me and being hurt and angry at me.  I felt sorry over my conduct and thought that I had to find an opportunity to apologize.
I had fixed a meeting with my classmates and I missed it as I was tired.  Besides everyone at the meeting was a stranger to me and I did not want to make friends with them.  Whatever the reasons - I  felt guilty.
While playing basketball I broke a team member's spectacles.  His face was injured by the  pieces of glass.  It was not serious but I felt guilty and blamed myself for being too careless and vigorous in my game.
After an exam I was in a very bad mood as I had done it very       badly.  At home, my mother took so long to ask me how things had  gone that I lost my temper.  I overreacted and made my mother cry. She still prepared lunch for me and did not scold me .  Suddenly, I thought that it was my fault and I started crying.  
[ When I break someone's things out of carelessness, or do something  to make others feel unhappy  or hurt the self-esteem / self-confidence  of others, especially if they happen to be friends or family members.]
I was so excited once that I told my classmate that she was old, this hurt her and I felt guilty.
We always made a lot of noise during a certain lecture.  This may have been because we did not respect the lecturer. Finaly, the lecturer could not tolerate it and he scolded us angrily and pointed out our misbehaviour.
Many years back I quarrelled with my younger brother for a small reason.  I used a pole to beat him and nearly broke his arm.  He recovered after a treatment which lasted several months.  After this our relationship was worse and he would not listen to me.
Our class had organized a picnic in November.  I was the class representative so I became the organizor.  However the picnic was postponed by one week and I had something else to do then. Initially I did not ponder on what to do and decided to go for the picnic.  When I had the time to think about it I thought that my decision was wrong.  My classmates thought that I would go as I had signed my name but I did not go.  I told another class representative that I was not going but he did not know the reason behind my not going.  After the picnic my classmates asked me why I had not gone to the picnic and everytime someone mentioned it I was apologetic.  I should have decided right in the begining that I would not go and then they would not see me as irresponsible i.e promising to go and changing my mind afterwards.
One night,when I was in primary 5 or 6, I felt thirsty so I fetched the thermos to pour a cup of water for myself.  Then I saw my brother lowering his head and I, jokingly, poured the       water on his head.
Once I bought my sister a pair of sports shoes as she was going to join an athletic meet.  However the shoes were a little big and had a few flaws.  She muttered all the way and blamed me for having wasted her money anf I felt guilty.
When I was in P3 I was always punished as I would forget to do my homework.  The first time that I was punished and not allowed to leave school, I slipped out of school.
I promised to join a meeting but did not turn up as I did not want to do the work.
When my behaviour was immoral - thinking about sex.
I borrowed my classmate's notebook one week before the examination and I promised to give it back to her in two days time.  I was very busy at that time and forgot many things; as I was not very often at home she could not contact me.  When I started my revision I realized that her notebook had been on my desk for five days.  I contacted her immediately and gave it back to her.  Though she did not say anything I felt very guilty.
Once, my friend and I went to the Tai 60 to cycle.  My mother had told me not to go.  Unfortunately I broke my pectoral girdle and had to go to hospital.  When my mother  came to see me I felt guilty as I had not listened to her and I had to soon sit for a public examination.
I went to a friend's baptism as she became a Christian after me and I realized that she was more enthusiastic about her spiritual life than I was.  When I was with my brothers and sisters of Christ I had a guilty feeling which could not be dismissed easily.  When pepole asked me as to when I would be baptised my guilt feeling deepened.
Once I quarrelled with my sister and after this I deliberately messed up her belongings.
I wanted to get rid of a bad habit and it seemed that I had succeeded.  However a year later I got the bad habit again.  I felt  useless as I always found excuses to explain my behaviour.  As a result I felt guilty.
One night during dinner my nephew was naughty, so I quarrelled with my  parents.   I regreted this as my nephew was only two years old and I  had to tolerate him !  The quarrel made my father think that his children  may not take care of him in the future (it was a slip of the tongue and  this made me realize that my father keeps his thoughts to himself).  I was  still very angry so I dropped my bowl and chopsticks and went to the kitchen  to drink tea and then ran to the other side of the house.
At secondary school, one of my classmates lost her locker key.  During a class I saw two other classmates holding a key and talking secretly.  I do not know why I suspected them, also another classmate supported me.  He remembers that these people had only one key in the key-ring, this had seemed strange to him.  Besides another classmate said that he had seen them selling books at a book-shop and they should not have had such books.  I told the teacher and the person was caught.  He had sold the books and was forced to quit school.  I found that I had not helped him as he stole later on also.  I felt guilty
I escaped from communicating with God for a long time.  I did not read the scriptures and I did not pray.  I felt that I was getting further and further away from God.  I felt guilty as this was because of my laziness.
Once while playing tennis with my classmate I lost a few tennis balls.  I found one near the tennis court and took it to be mine despite thinking that it might belong to the student in the next court.  I felt guilty.  Later someone came to me to claim the ball and I gave it back to him.
Peeping.
There were old people in a crowded bus and I did not have the courage to give them my seat.  I closed my eyes to sleep and then opened my book to read.  In my heart I wanted to give them the seat.
In the past I used to think that my mother was a very nagging person.  When I started living at the hostel we had little time to meet each other.  Whenever I went home she would take care of me.  I gradually realized that what she had done was for my own good.  So very time I saw her I felt guilty.
I lied to one of my best friends.
I had shouted at my younger brother and he was always afraid when I called out loudly.
