When I realized that I was directing the feelings of discontent with myself at my partner and this way was trying to put the blame on him instead of sorting out my own feeliings.
When I was tired and unmotivated, I shouted at my girlfriend and and brought up negative sides of her character which are actually not so important.
When one has been unjust, stupid towards someone else. 
[ Same as above - friends who torture animals.]
When I saw my 18 year old son grab an oxygen mask as he had breathing difficulties.  I had a bad conscience because I had not stopped smoking.  Medication for the dilation of his breathing tubes also caused a sense of guilt in me.
When, as an adult I have been caught lying or behaving badly.
I lied, to be precise I cancelled a meeting with a good friend.
My elder brother and I have not always had a good relationship and I feel ashamed of myself as I do not call him to talk to him nowadays.
I told a friend that I was going to a party and he would not enjoy himself if he came along.  He understood  that he would not have fitted in and there was something in that.
My friend was so intoxicated that the police came and took him away, and they later contacted his parents.
When my friend and I were discussing the good looks of a guy we realized that he had been listening.
Nearly caught masturbating.
When I dropped a bottle in the state liquor store and everyboby started laughing.
The discovery that one has only thought of oneself.
When I promised to help a friend over a weekend and did not keep the promise.
When my boyfriend revealed that he knew that I had discovered things of an important nature about him, I felt ashamed as I had not mentioned it earlier.
When I had not prepared my contribution to the group as thoroughly as the other members, with the result that the overall result was poor.
When I met a friend whom I had not seen for a long time and heard all about her troubles, I thought that I should have got in touch with her earlier.
One night I had a sexual intercourse with another man.  My sexual desire and my curiosity had made me jump into bed with him.  I am ashamed of myself now.
My inability to assert myself positively in a group.
I guess I have often been ashamed after having talked badly of other people.
Can't think of any.
When we were at home, my husband and I, he made a remark about something I had done, in a perfectly friendly manner.  My deed had been unjust and I knew that my husband was right, therefore my sense of shame.
Once I arrived two hours late to my work place (a bank) and I was still feeling feeble and tired.
I was worried by a task related to my studies which had to be done in groups of two.  I was talking about it to my friends when I said something negative, in too abrupt a manner, concerning my work partner.  I did not quite mean what I said and I felt ashamed at having been mean enough to criticize him as he is also a friend of mine.
My little brother was arrested by the police at the railway station after he had drunk some beer.
After having quarelled unnecessarily and without any reason, and having been stupidly cross in every way.
[ Do not know.]
When I overtook a car on the mainroad, misjudging the distance of an oncoming car and this resulted in tooting and flashing from the other driver (we could have collided), and I had an acquaintance in the car with me.
When I forgot my mother's birthday.
I drink wine too often.
I can not think of any incident when I have felt very ashamed.  There are small incidents that I am ashamed of, for instance, not sending money to the children in Ethiopia.
When I boxed my child's ears.
Emptied a bucket of water in a hospital.
When I did not buy what I had promised to.
I complained about a colleague's behaviour as she goes back on her word, is often absent and is irresponsible.  I found out that she was an alcoholic and was trying to fight againt her addiction.
My mother revealed personal details about me and the negative aspects of my character to other people when I was present but unable to defend myself.
When I dated a close girlfriend's boyfriend a few times. He told me that it was over between them and I accepted it.  When she found out she finished our friendship.
[ Cannot recall any incident when I felt shame.]
At primary school, when I vomited in front of others in the middle  of a lesson.
When I made the same mistake that I had accused someone else of, and this was obvious to a third pereson.
When I was caught stealing money from my father.
When my mother caught me masturbating.
When I complained to my mother about how untidy the kitchen loooked, she boxed my ears ( this had never happened before).
When I asked a friend to return the money that I had loaned her and then remembered that she had repayed me in several ways.
When I forgot about a meeting at work.
When I as a child of 9 or 10 I was playing doctor with the neighbours boys their mother caught us.
Spots on the seat covers of my husband's car.
Confession to my parents about my involvement in a moped theft.
When I talked maliciously about a colleague at work to someone else.  Immediately afterwards I felt ashamed.
I made a comment and it was interpreted completely differently from what I had meant.  When I said it I realized how my mother had understood it.
When I was a child it was found out that I had taken off my clothes outdoors.  It was summer and my friend and I were out in the woods.  It had felt exciting at that time.  My parents discovered that my trousers were back to front and I felt ashamed.
When relatives have acted strangely, and unfriendly towards me.
A customer at the shop where I worked came in and asked if the goods that he had ordered had arrived.  I had totally forgotten about this order and I tried to offer weak excuses.
When I was an evening school teacher it was my job to make the coffee but I was not able to get the coffee ready on time and I thus arrived half an hour late to the class.  On top of this the coffee was undrinkable.
When as an 8 year old, I wet myself in school.
When I stole a packet of cigarettes from a neighbour  and the next day I owned up and returned it.
When I was 13 years old I wrote passionate love letters to my boyfriend and I later found out that his sister had read them.
About Sweden's arms exports.
When friends found out that I had been lying about where I had been on a particular occasion.
When I was young, about 6 or 7, I did not make it to the toilet on time.  I hid the dirty trousers in the cellar as I feared itbeing discovered by my parents.
On the train a drunk person touched my baby and I reacted very disapprovingly.  I felt ashamed later as the person had not been aggressive though he could have been.
When I was given detention at secondary school.
My behaviour at a recent party.  I passed out early, luckily.
When I excreted on the mat instead of the potty.
I fell on the ground while crossing the street.  My cap covered my eyes and I felt quite "difficult".
I insulted a couple of good friends of mine and even tried to hit them when I was drunk.  The next day, I was ashamed of course.
I was wearing slippery shoes and I tumbled down in a place where there were many people walking by.
I lied to someone and some time later this person found out that I had not told him the truth.
I had lied to a person because I had thought that I could not tell him the truth. When he found out he was not angry but understanding. We talked the whole thing over.
Quite recently I realized that I had had some erroneous views about life. For instance, I had always lived for other people, had forgotten my own person and suppressed my own feelings. I was ashamed because I had not been concious of that until I had a conversation about it with a person.
I was working in a job in which I could not work quickly enough, and was told that my work was not up to standard.
When I got a bad result for one of my assignments.
At using other people, because of sexual experience that was using another to the detriment of both. Anxiety that I may have affected another for the worst.
My mother told my uncle who is a Roman Catholic Priest (Redemptist Father) that I had been living in a de-facto relationship for three years. He was very, very angry at me.
[ Do not remember any situation of that kind.]
The day after the night I drank too much at a party.
[ Do not know.]
[ Can not think of anything.]
[ I do not remember when I last felf ashamed.  I do not usually feel ashamed of what I do.]
Comments from other children on my alcoholic father
Hit a dog with my car, and didn't stop.
An exam where questions about very specific knowledge were asked.
Stealing from my mother's purse when I was a little boy.
I entered the wrong room, and got into a bed where someone already was sleeping.
When the cast general election resulted in Norway getting a conservative government.
I was talking badly about a person to some friends, and discovered that his daughter was listening.
Cheating to get the best grade on a test in 7th grade.
I overreacted towards my mother and felt ashamed afterwards.
Feeling inadequate in a group situation, being unable to convey my own thoughts and feelings.
I was making very strong statements about infidelity in couples. Then I discovered that one of my best friends, who had just been through a very sad case of mutual infidelity, was listening.
If I don't go to lectures, I often feel ashamed.
When taking part in the mobbing of one of my best friends in primary school.
Taking part in the mobbing of some girls in my class in primary school.
My father died after two very painful weeks in bed. I felt relieved, and was ashamed of that.
Was accused of having hidden intentions in a situation when I believed I was acting honestly and fairly.
Doesn't apply.
Can't remember that feeling.
Being caught in changing the truth (lying).
I woke up at the house of someone I knew, not remembering very much about what had been said or done during the party on the previous night.
Participating in a theft several years ago.
Telling friends about how my parents had been treating my brothers and sisters unfairly.
When I got really drunk on Norvegian Indipendence Day, and was not allowed to participate in football (soccer) games for two weeks. That was very unpleasant.
My father was a member of the public Alcohol and Drugs Board, when I was picked up by the police for being drunk in a public place.
At a private party I literally fell into the food. The party was completely ruined for the host, carpets had to be cleaned, etc.
Forgetting an important appointment.
When unjustified hurting other people.
I lost my driver's licence because of speeding.
Talking about a person's unattractiveness, not realizing that the person was listening.
Forgot to do some shopping that I had promised to do.
Having finally to admit I was wrong, after having denied it for a long time.
Was caught stealing apples in a neighbor's garden.
Fighting with my father while drunk.
When I confessed to my girl-friend (now my wife) that I had betrayed her with another woman.
A conflict with a pupil and there were probatory teachers present.
On a social occasion, I noticed that I reacted on the basis of my autonomous nerve system (I could not help it).
We got into a fight with some chaps in front of our family house. The value of the property destroyed was approximately 15 000 FIM. I felt ashamed when my parents came to know about this.
At the funeral of my uncle, I was one of the bearers.  I was not familiar with the etiquette and acted tactlessly because of my ignorance.
When I lied to my girlfriend, telling her that I had passed an exam, when I actually did not even take it.
I saw a skid-row (chronical) alcoholic and I was ashamed of the people with a high standard of living.
A man asked me: "May I sleep in your stairway?"  and I answered "No".
I had promised to help out with domestic chores and I forgot about it.
I made a major mistake while learning how to use a computer programme and the teacher criticized me.
I slandered a person behind his back and he got to know about it.
I arrived late at a seminar concerning my major subject at university, although I had been appointed to formally oppose the paper which was being presented.
A truth expressed unthinkingly at a coffee party.  I realized later that I had been inconsiderate, at a wrong moment and the wrong place.
When my friend let my personal matters be publicaly known.
My girlfriend was away visiting another city and I brought another girl home. Next morning when I started getting sober I felt quite ashamed of myself.
On the way back from a Summer spent in Sweden, I drunk with a man in the train.  I had drunk so much that when I got home I fell asleep in the entrance hall.  I have never drunk that much, neither before nor after that incident.  I was ashamed because my mother and my sister had to see me in that state and my father had to carry me to bed.
While quarelling with a fellow worker of mine, I was vehement and irritated and I told him what I thought of him in plain language.  I was ashamed of myself when I met him the next day.
As a little girl, I was sick in the middle of a school day and I vomitted in the basin of the classroom.
When I forgot a promise made to a friend of mine.
At school I was talking to a classmate about mathematics.  I had grown weary of it and said : "I would like to throw the book on the arse of Kuikka".  My classmate said : "Now, he is sitting there and waiting for the book" (Kuikka was one of the most quiet boys of the class).  I was ashamed of myself.
I had promised to lend something to my mother-in-law and I forgot it a couple of times.  When she asked me about it the third time, I was ashamed at my absent-mindedness.
As a child when I was blamed for peeing in the swimming-pool.
The morning after a wild party.
I was talking to a friend of mine about our parents and education.  I said something and then realized that I did not know my friend's parents, their motives and education.  I felt ashamed at having talked about something I did not know anything about.
I thought I would be able to use the mangle of the house, and so I did not want any help.  However, I blocked it and I had to get the janitor to help me out.  He reproached me for not having followed the instructions
I was carried away while talking about my visits abroad and I tended to boast a little, till I realized that the listener was amused.
Badly chosen words to a vague acquaintance of mine made me feel ashamed at having given the wrong impression about what I wanted to say.  Thoughtlessness.
I said something especially stupid which I did not mean at all.
When I was on holiday with my former boyfriend, he hit me and behaved in a very evil and ugly manner in front of the hotel personnel.
When I was caught telling a white lie.  At that time, I was not allowed to stay outdoors after 8 p.m.  One day when I was late, I made up a story that our neighbour had invited me to his place, though I had actually forgotten about the time while playing with my pals.
Again, a quarrel had come up in our difficult relationship.  My life-partner threw all the books off the shelf.  I am sure that it disturbed our neighbours since this happened late in the night.
In an express bus I sat on a seat meant for senior citizens and invalids.
When I approached a person of the opposite sex and was rejected.
An argument that grew out of an ordinary conversation with a person very close to me, when we should have been having a good time together.
[ Generally, when I am late in attending to matters (for example paying bills).]
I feared that I would have to describe my sexual life to an older, strange woman.
I failed an exam which I thought I would certainly pass.
When I noticed that a person I found attractive had seen me picking my nose.
When after having had sexual intercourse with a friend, I thought that he had told about it to a friend of his.
I told evil lies about a close friend of mine.  I was evil in order to sound jolly, to charm a person whom I wanted to impress.  I sold my friend, I was despicable.
I was dishonest to my boyfriend concerning something that is important to our relationship.
After our sad first of May party, I felt ashamed because the friends who had been invited had to suffer.  We, the organizers of the party, did not drive the intruders away.
While playing I urinated on grandma's floor and did not go to the lavatory.  My cousin told grandma and she came.
My love and me rented a room in a hotel one evening.  We stayed there a few hours and when leaving the hotel, I felt ashamed.
My boyfriend's mother, whom I had not met earlier, made an unexpected visit.  I was lying lazily on the bed, reading a newspaper and my boyfriend was studying.
I told some acquaintances of mine something that I regretted later.
When I realized that I had been wrong about a person close to me, because of pre-set ideas and prejudices.
After an event in which I felt that I had acted unfairly.
I told my friend about how I had calculated my salary by cheating a little.  When my friend remarked about it, I understood that it was wrong to do so, and I felt ashamed.
[ Sometimes I have by accident said to another person something in which it is easy to read a negative attitude.]
While working as a domestic helper, one day I had not cleaned up very well and they made a remark about it.
I had been away all night without having told my parents about it.  In the morning when I came home, my mother looked tired.  She said that she had been awake all night because of me and that she was angry and disappointed.
I feel guilty as I am not working, and even my studies are not progressing.
My friend told me in a fairly loud voice the blunders she committed last night.
When I was seven years old, I stole a chewing-gum from a big glass bowl on the counter of a nearby shop, and I got caught.
I gave a wrong answer at school.
While attending some affairs, which were taking some time, with a bank officer, I felt that my clothes and appearance were out of place, too raggy.
I tried to date a girl, but she refused.
In primary school I once faltered while answering a question and the others started laughing.
I had misbehaved at a party and did not wish to meet the person in question later.
When I was going downhill on skis, and fell down twice the first time.
As a small boy, I took a coin from an empty taxi cab.  My mother saw it and told the driver about it.  I even knew the driver.
I had an intimate relation with my boyfriend, but unfortunately we had sexual problems; therefore I deceived him, but I was ashamed when I told my friend about it.
I was very fat and felt absolutely unwell. I was afraid of leaving the house and getting to know new people.
I put an end to a friendship with a girl - I had only pretended love and affection to be able to sleep with her.
There was a time when my room looked terribly untidy; just at that time my aunt came to see me; fortunately I could prevent her from entering the room.
Somebody who knows me very well discovered that I had told him a lie.
In our flat the bath-tub is in the kitchen. At the beginning I had very intensive feelings of shame when I had a bath and people were in the kitchen.
I think I felt ashamed for the first time when I entered a night club.
When my father came into the bathroom and saw me standing there naked.
When I was a child, I thought that I had to be ashamed when asking and doing certain forbidden things.
When I went to a sauna with my father for the first time (I was 16). When I entered the sauna naked, I felt ashamed for a short time.
When I talked to a psychotherapist for the first time, I started to cry; first I talked to him but he did not say anything and after a while I was crying.
When I had to go to the gynecologist and to sit on that special chair, I felt ashamed.
A friend started to insult another person without reason and I felt ashamed of her behavior.
In a restaurant, I made the acquaintance of a boy who always told the same things in a very loud voice. I laughed and said to him that he always repeated the same things. Some time later I heard that he had undergone a complicated brain operation.
A friend of mine has not very much money. Therefore, once I stayed with him and his girlfriend, I bought some meat, but nobody wanted to go and prepare it for dinner. My friend said "I thought you wanted to invite us for dinner". "Of course", I said, but I thought by myself that it must have been enough that I had bought it.
I played in a stage play. Suddenly, in front of 200 people, I could not remember the words I had to say.
It was in a group situation: suddenly it was my turn to say something, 
but I felt that I was not able to express myself very well - I felt ashamed and blushed.
I tried to pass an examination particularly well, but I did it worse than ever. I felt ashamed.
My P.T. instructor also works as a masseur. He wanted to massage me, therefore I had to undress. For the first few times this was not easy for me; I got gradually used to it.
For a medical check-up, we - boys and girls - had to take off our clothes with the exception of our underwear. Then we had to go into another classroom where older pupils were sitting and staring at us.
I took the tram without paying. There were many people around me when I was caught by a controller. I felt ashamed but also angry.
Some men were talking about me and my sister.
When I was a child I played my mother a nasty trick to make her feel hurt.
At school I was bad in mathematics. Although my teacher had admonished me to do my homework, one day I had forgotten to do it. When my teacher noticed it, I blushed and was ashamed to be rebuked in front of the other pupils.
When I was ten years old a classmate laughed at me because I had told him that my father had retired.
I went for a walk with a very close friend; we were talking about our problems, I told her lies.
At a weekend's seminar my trousers suddenly burst, therefore I was prevented from participating in several activities.
When I went to the sauna for the first time and there were men and women.
When I was about seven or eight I was caught having stolen a doll's dress from my next-door neighbour.
After failing a second attempt at Med 4, following a number of difficult personal circumstances.
When harassed by this boy - it was sexual (refer to GUILT).
Falling over.
In a party of friends I got completely drunk.
I felt ashamed when in a certain occasion I had to read a text and didn't stop stuttering.
When I wanted to kiss a friend and didn't succeed, I felt shame.
When somebody suddenly said something (about me) at a wrong moment and I didn't agree (at that exact moment I was needing an extremely positive word).
When my mother surprised me while masturbating.
Once I spoke without thinking very much - it was quite a nonsense.
I came home from a party rather drunk. I said things I would never have said normally. Next morning I was terribly ashamed about what I had said.
During the oral part of my final examination I made a mistake in speaking so that all the teachers laughed at me.
When I had a Latin examination in school.
In school I was very bad in running long distances and my class-mates laughed at me for this reason.
After a party I spent the night with a friend. We both were drunk, the morning was disillusioning. A friend was me leaving the room and I felt shabby and immoral.
I put my head into the pullover of a girl to see her breasts. The girl looked at me so that I felt ashamed.
I had to go to the doctor's because of a veneral disease. I told the doctor that I must have been infected by my boy-friend. This was not true, but I was ashamed to tell the truth.
At a cross-country race I wanted to take a short-cut (which is not allowed). I was caught and disqualified. All my friends had observed that.
Some time ago we had a tournament in our tennis-club. For tactical reasons I was chosen to play against a much weaker player than I am. Although it would have been enough simply to win the game, I defeated him extremely. This would not have been necessary.
I asked my friend to come with me to a disco because I wanted to be with a person I know well. But when I amused myself with others I let my friend sit alone, although I had asked her to come.
It was the time when everybody spoke about and discussed Hainburg. I was also asked for my opinion. I was ashamed because I had no firm view of the whole thing and therefor was not able to join the conversation.
At a carneval-party I smooched with a man - some days later I was rather ashamed for that.
My mother and my grandmother were talking about one of my grandmother's friends whom I hardly know. I gave some deprecatory comments on him whereupon my grandmother told me that the man had died recently.
When I had slept with a boy for the first time I felt ashamed for three reasons. First, because I was only 13 years old, second, because I did not really like him, third, because he had caught me napping.
When I was a child, my uncle came to see us. I spit at him and ran out - I do not know the reason for that. My father came after me and insisted on my apologizing.
I spent an evening with my girl-friend. When we wanted to go to bed I was totally drunk. Next morning I felt rather ashamed.
When I bought new skis; I was ashamed to tell the assistant that I am not good at skiing and therefor bought racing skis.
I was sitting in a restaurant with friends. They asked me something which they thought I should know. Actually I know it, but at that time I was not able to remember it.
When I was 6 or 7 years old, I pulled down the trousers of a friend because I wanted to know what she looked like. My mother watched that and (as a punishment) sent me into the house. We never spoke about that; I think it was as embarassing for her as it was for me. 
I went to see a friend. There were other people, too, and everybody brought some present. I was the onlyone who brought nothing. My friend was very hospitable and did not show anything - although I knew how he felt.
My boyfriend had drunk too much and beaten me. When I had to show the letter the door, which was almost crashed, I felt ashamed.
I am left-handed. When I attended the first form, we learned to write with pens. I smeared everything I had written. All my friends had written well and wanted to know why the teacher was looking at my note-book. I was ashamed.
When I was 12 years old, some friends of our family had come to watch TV. I lay on the floor and moved my pelvis. When the other people had gone, my mother told me that it had looked as if I had wanted to make sex.
I look up to my Karate-teacher. When I came to a training lesson after I had not trained for one week, I was totally stiff. I was ashamed.
When I made a fool at an examination.
I had to pay a fine because of speeding.
When I was a child, I had a medical check-up. I had to undress myself and was examined by several doctors.
When I was a child: I had told my mother a lie and she found it out.
Some persons, who are important for me, came to see me and I had not washed the dishes.
When I stayed on a nudism beach, a man was watching me in a disagreeable way. I had the feeling that he was examining my body.
After an oral examination I shook the professor's hand, but he had only stretched it out for my ball-point-pen.
My girl-friend and I live in one flat with another couple. We get along very well and usually we share everything. Once we two were sitting in our room and eating a cake when the others came in.
During a discussion I said something rather stupid and unnecessary.
When I broke the piggy bank of my brother and my mother discovered that.
Once I went home totally drunk and roused all our neighbours from sleep.
When my boy-friend left me and I wanted to persuade him to stay.
Parents finding out I smoked.
Caused fault in V.C.R. by not following instructions carefully.
On one occasion whilst engaging in horseplay with my girlfriend, I caused her to be physically harmed.
The mother of a small child found me shaking the child in exasperation, because I couldn't get it to sleep.
I had promised to contact a friend about a particular matter by a certain date, then thought no more about it until the friend reminded me after the date had passed.
When I realised that I had become too emotionally involved with the person I'm going out with, and when I began to like someone else and questioned whether I really care about person I'm with.
I am ashamed of the horrible way I used to treat my little sister.
I do not seem to feel emotion such as shame, guilt or fear - far out !
I had been rude to my mother at a time when she needed comforting, not anger (death of my sister).
Upon returning from a journey of about two weeks duration, I found that a collection of pornographic literature had been removed from my room I had previously thought that no one was aware of the existence of this material.
During an argument an acquaintance accused me of having insulted her parents by having had sex in their house which they overheard.
I feel shame every time I think of very dear friends of mine abroad who were family to me for a year, and now 2 years later, I have attempted, but have not actually gone through with corresponding with them, to express my feelings and gratitude.
When I woke up after a night of drinking I couldn't remember and discovered several untoward things had occurred.
I was walking outside the union refec after rain when I tripped and fell.
Following heavy stirring / ridiculing a close friend who was very vulnerable to such attack - inspiring fierce, defensive counter-attack.
Caught cheating on a diet.
Cheating in a minor geography exam at school.
Having had a very heated argument with my sister - I began hitting her about the head with a newspaper I was holding.
After making a joke about a friend's marriage that was too personal.
No specific instances - perhaps having lied as a child resulting in someone else being blamed for the event.
When my best friend foud out I'd been lying about something I'd been doing behind her back.
A friend giving me an expensive Christmas gift while I gave her a cheap one.
Had a very good friend. We grew apart I found myself running her down to other friends.
When I hadn't studied for an exam, so I pretended to be sick so I wouldn't have to go to school. I lied to my mother - she realized I had been lying when she got home from work and found that I had been over to a friend's place.
When my mother asked me to do a job for her which does not require much effort on my part, yet I refused for selfish reasons and saw her have to do it.
A girl I was with yelled something out to this group of guys I knew. It sounded really childish.
Several years ago I was caught riding the train without a ticket. The station-mistress treated me like a criminal almost.
Getting slightly intoxicated at the 1984 I.C.C. Ball.
When I was little and didn't own up to placing a lolly on the varnish, this pulled it all off and I didn't admit my guilt.
I bacame involved with a boy for a very brief moment not because I liked him but because I needed some sort of company. The consequences weren't as I expected and caused me much shame.
Sending pictures home when I'd put on so much weight.
When I was little - Mum caught me telling a lie about who broke the cup.
When my friends were rude to a girl. 
When I told my sister I had slept with my boyfriend, and she at first was mad at me I then felt shame for this act, but not guilt.
I allowed my then boyfriend to touch me, if only briefly.
When Dad went to a Sports Day and was the only parent there, and he was cheering for us.
Lying to a friend about something that was trivial.
Felt it after I spoke terribly (got mad at) the person who is the most important in my life.
When my new jeans split while I was with the youth group.
One of my best friends'fiancT broke off the relationship because his feelings for me were stronger than for her. I felt the same for him, but did not really encourage him to leave her or stay with her - still felt shame.
A situation where we were the center of attention, and things happened without my control on them, that showed our disagreement, and ignorance.
A day when I was getting out of the shower I covered only the front part of my body with a towel (I was 7 years old), and I didn't see that my cousin was in the room.
I felt it when I felt that I was being observed as an object of pleasure (sexual) when I opened and took off a shirt in a classroom at P.V.C.
In a fight with my girlfriend in a luncheonette where everybody stared at me in such a way that I had to leave it.
I confused a girl with another.
Once as a school girl I was copying at a class work and my teacher spotted me.
When I was a school girl and I copied at a class work.
When I have a plain appearance.
I was unaware that I had walked the streets in torn trousers.
I lied to a friend.
When bathing at surf beach & lost togs.
I felt something akin to shame after a heavy night of drinking, along with waking up with a woman I had just met whose husband was an epileptic. I was later to know that she knew my mother.
As a child - being sent to the shop by mother - buying some chocolate - getting caught by mother.
Saying something quite rude, but in jest, about a photograph of someone, but it didn't quite turn out that way.
Because I was lazy and unthoughtful I did not get into contact with a very close friend when she shifted from the Gold Coast to Brisbane, for a month, despite her efforts to contact me. I felt shamed when I finally confronted her again.
First weekend back home after one week at Uni I scolded one of my sister's best friends for using our telephone. Very silly, but I was annoyed because she was there at a time when I needed to be with my family.
I can't remember ever feeling shame.
I recently became sexually involved with my sister's lover. I care for him very much, but I am ashamed of the hurt I may cause her.
I slept with a man purely because I found him physically attractive and was under the influence of alcohol.
I went to visit Montrose home for crippled children to interview a handicapped child. I interviewed two boys and it went really well. I promised I would visit them, but never got the time. Now I hope they've forgotten me, but I feel ashamed of letting them down.
In a school parting we agreed to go to a restaurant. We met at school and we separated us in several cars. My car broke and we arrived late. All those who already had arrived stand up and applauded us when we entered two hours late. All the restaurant attention was turned on us.
When the teacher asked me to read my composition that was the homework I stood up and invented one because I hadn't done it. A colleague saw that in my copy book there was nothing written and he accused me and so I was called in the director's room.
One day in the intimity with my girlfriend I had an ejaculation.
Shame of not doing something well.
I made a comment that at the moment didn't fit.
I was very fat, and was ashamed of my body.
When my mother found out that I smoke maryhuana.
Shame of being reprehended.
When I went to meet the family of my boyfriend in a party in his house. His mother was eager to know me and all his friends ready to make jokes about the situation.
In the last day of carnaval I met a boy and began to flirt with him. I was in love with him. When he introduced me to his friends I died of shame because I was with them before, I met my boyfriend in carnaval.
I felt shame when I had to talk with a person that I hadn't seen for many years. Shame that he wouldn't recognize me or that I wouldn't know what to say.
When I had my first sexual relation and it didn't work.
When my mother looked in my drawer (where I keep my personal things) and she found some porno photos that I have kept from more than a week, and split it.
It was my birthday and all the members of the group made me a surprise in a public place at 10 p.m. giving me flowers and suvenirs.
After lot of explanation, to fail in my work.
I went to study in a public library but I didn't know it well. I got a book and wanted to study hearing music. Then I went to a place were I could do it, but when I passed by a door a bell rang and a man came saying that I couldn't leave with the book.
Some times I was ashamed of presenting seminaries or even to speak in class.
A day I was with my boyfriend and a couple of friends in a bar, and he said something that I didn't like (I don't remember what). Without thinking I slept him in his back, getting ashamed and sorry just after.
When I had to act alone a character for a public (40 people).
When somebody I knew greeted me and started to talk with me and I didn't know, I couldn't remember who he was.
I was working in I. when a friend of mine borrowed his car so I could get bach there, I had to come to S.Paulo and his car was here. He said :"When you get the car tell my mother that you are only taking the car bacause I asked, for she doesn't like me to borrow it". Next day he borrowed me it again for I had to come back again. When I was coming back I crashed the car quite a lot. One of the first person I met at the accident was his mother, that said to me "You weren't to take the car only yesterday ?" (before I saw her I was already ashamed).
I had never made a malicious joke in front of my boyfriend. Last week I did it I was funny, he loved it, and I died of shame.
In a play (secret friend) during the time of the high school I had to give a present to a boy and I was very ridiculous because of this.
We where in a bar and my friend had a fight with some guys who were in the table aside.
When I began to date, the first gestures of affection made me feel ashamed.
Note: for GUILT go to record n¦231
When I went to a halloween party and had to walk through a shopping center dressed like a witch.
When a friend told me a story and I stayed dumb because I had no story to tell.
When a group of friends began to make critics about me.
I feel ashamed every time that someone makes me a positive or negative critic.
When I accused unjustly a person of robbery, who proved me the contrary, almost caused a public fight.
When I realized that my bathing suit was spotted, I had became menstruated.
When I fell down.
I felt ashamed to be Brazilian and to live under a military dictatorship that despoiled the people, when during my military service.
I felt ashamed of feeling sorry about myself when I passed through the situation of being betrayed by my girlfriend.
I was in a bus with my school material when I fell and sat on the lap of another passenger.
The day my boyfriend saw and touched my breasts when I was without my shirt, only with my pants.
When I arrived late at the job and met the most troublesome boss.
I felt ashamed of my body in spite of knowing that it is more or less beautiful and also knowing that my boyfriend considers me beautiful, but this was only in the beginning.
When I was still a child I was told off in face of other persons for having touched an object that didn't belong to me.
When a friend of mine visited me and my house was in a mess.
In the classroom we discussed with the teacher. He told me things that affected directly in a negative way my job and my behavior in the classroom in front of the other pupils.
Sincerely I'm a very timid guy and so even in very simple situations sometimes I am ashamed.
When I went out with a friend of mine to meet her ex-boyfriend who didn't know that she was engaged to be married.
I feel ashamed when I am praised.
I was talking with an aunt of mine that I adore and I found courage to say "I love you" and just after that came the shame.
When I tried to hide a fact from a person for irrelevant reasons and considered such an attitude childish.
In the traffic I insulted a man who crossed my way. Afterwards I paired with him, and felt shame because of mine lack of pacience and ridiculous attitude.
Walking on the street passing by an air duct, my skirt went up.
When I saw my father coming out of the bathroom. He thought that he was alone at home and came out without his clothes.
When I don't say the truth, when I don't do a certain thing thanks to my laziness.
Shame I feel when I am not properly dressed.
I felt a sense of shame when I compromised a colleague of mine. I got an information from him which I quite out of place shared with another colleague of mine and it resulted in an unpleasant consequence for him.
Some days ago I fell down at a public place, I came into notice but thank God I was not mocked at. Though it hurt badly, at the first moment I felt shame, not ache.
When I had to prepare and read a paper to my fellow students but I didn't cope with the task.
I had borrowed some money and I exceeded the time-limit.
I was made a very sharp remark at a rehearsal.
I put on a lot of weight in a few months and every time I met someone I knew would avoid them, usually by hiding because my self image was low and I was ashamed of what I had done to myself.
I was taking place in an anti nuclear protest and was shouting protest loudly to some American sailors of the U.S. Texas submarine. A guy came up to me and said that's your brother screaming at, I felt shame and I realized screaming at another person isn't good protesting. Now I'm a silent protester.
I had called a boy who had dated me, and told him that I was ill, while, actually, I didn't want to go out with him, later on, he asked me if I was feeling better, then I felt ashamed.
During a family reunion, they started talking about me wearing an ear-ring.
I didn't do an important job and it had an adverse effect on other people.
I felt shame and I couldn't look into my teacher's eyes, after not attending his lectures.
I feel shame mixed with anger with the behavior of some incultivated people because my fiancT is a foreigner.
I was given the task to learn a page of music text for a small part. But I had forgotten all about it and I felt quite awkward when I had to show what I had prepared.
I feel shy to show all my worth when I work for the first time with a conductor or a producer unfamiliar to me.
When I hadn't learnt my lesson and I asked the teacher to give me "a three" and he agreed but even he felt quite awkward.
NB: In Bulgarian schools "a three" is the second worst mark.
My first girlfriend. I had the feeling that she was going out with me only because of my defect.
Adultery with the girlfriend of a friend of mine, of which he learned.
I am ashamed when I am not prepared in a subject and I have to answer in the presence of the patients.
When I do something unworthy.
Recently I saw a young girl fawning on a man. And what for - money and things. I was ashamed to be a woman.
In the past I experienced this feeling almost all the time - wherever I went, in different sutuations. I was small and I had to be taken to kindergarten, but me the fool didn't dare to tell exactly where, finally as a result I was late.
In my 20s - and was going out to dinner to celebrate a friend's birthday. Her (older - in 30s) cousin, really wanted me to get drunk cos I'd visited their (cousin & wife) place quite a bit, but had always been very careful - brought up to believe in moderation in drink (but not guilt repression etc). I mixed drinking with smoking (which I rarely did) and got drunk and had to leave the table to get sick in the loo, and later went home and was sick again; have never felt so awful in my life. And I didn't want to face or tell my other flatmates, or family.
A daughter in court for staff pilfering, she was dressed like a "street walker" - I had a friend form overseas with me and was falsely trying to impress with my family.
My son was apprehended for shoplifting at the age of 14. Because I too had been apprehended at the same age I felt the shame of not having been able to prevent my son from acting in the same way.
A young visitor to the house stole money from an elderly visitor's purse. It wasn't noticed for some hours.
A good friend of mine told me in comfidence that once he had tried to commit suicide. To meet him you wouldn't think so. I told another friend of mine about this when she was feeling depressed about her twin brother's suicide. I broke a bond of confidentiality.
When you betray the trust you have been given. This is connected with copying at a class-work at school.
When, for example, I fail in my undertakings.
I lied to my best friend and I wouldn't reform what I had done.
Exaggerating certain circumstances, wrong attitude and evaluation of these circumstances.
A theft committed by me.
I travelled on a bus and I forgot to punch the ticket. A ticket collector came in and I had to pay the fine. I did it with a feeling of shame.
When not fulfilling any of my obligations to a person whom I respect.
This happens to me when I am not prepared in a given subject.
I talked with a man who stammered and without controlling myself, I started to talk imitating him.
I feel shame when sometimes, (unconsciously) I behave unethically and without understanding the problems of the man I love.
I had not punched a ticket in the bus because I had a card. But when the ticket-collector came it turned out that I had forgotten it. The shame I felt was great though it was not done on purpose.
I felt this feeling during the exam in higher mathematics.
When I try to lie.
When I promise to do something but I don't fulfill it.
I counterfeited a mark in the school register during the lesson in gymnastics. I felt this feeling two days later when I stood face to face with my teacher, whom I highly appreciated and respected.
I had to prepare a report but I couldn't write it. I read from a book off-hand, I was quite uneasy and I felt I didn't manage.
I didn't offer my seat to a pregnant woman in the bus.
Some days ago I had a car accident. It was quite slight but through my fault. I felt strong shame because I had the spirits of a good driver.
When I don't succeed to fulfill a promise.
At a weakness on my part.
I feel this feeling at one and the same degree when I am not prepared to overcome certain obstacle in my life.
I was to take part in a cocktail party on the occasion of our national holiday as a servant.
I thought I had taken a decision but I hesitated.
I was nailed. I lied in connection with a book which I took from the library, because I had to keep it for a longer time.
I am ashamed when I am not ready for my seminar in internal diseases, simply because the assistant professor is a person who deserves high respect.
I was totally unprepared for a seminar conducted by an assistant professor whom I highly respect.
I experienced long ago when I was sightseeing Bulgarians in a foreign language.
Once I was not ready for a seminar and I was asked to leave.
I am ashamed of the way my father behaves with my mother and sister, and with me too.
I was embarassed at the exam in microbiology. I was ashamed with myself - how little I knew and how good was the examinor. I rarely become ashamed.
I was ashamed of the way I deceived that I could not help a friend, although it was absolutely possible for me. Nothing was revealed but I haven't called up this person since then.
I didn't tell my parents that I was going to Sofia. I told them that I was going to a seminar. My mother knew that I was lying but she didn't stop me.
At an exam in pharmacology I tried to prompt a coleague (she asked me something) and the assistant professor made me a sharp remark.
We were at a football match and when we were leaving the stadium (the stadium was packed with people) and I lost my shoe in the crowd. Our attempts to find it didn't give any result and I had to go home without one shoe. In other words to cross the whole town !
I was at a children's camp abroad. The people (the leaders, my coevals) were very king to us. One night we smeared our foreign friends with tooth-paste while they were sleeping and then we roused the whole camp by our shouts. Later I was so sorry. I didn't utter a word for two days, then I went to apologize.
I was examined by a teacher I greatly respected. I was well prepared on the subjects but he put some side-issues to me and I couldn't answer.
I feel shame when I have made a promise, I can't keep it and this has negative effects which are caused by my behavior.
I felt shame when I discontinued my education for eight months. 
Some time ago I promised to meet an acquaintance of mine and to carry him some promised papers. I haven't done it until this day. Now I feel quite awkward when I meet him.
I feel ashamed when I act dishonestly toward somebody.
During our last exarcise in agricultural machines we went out in the yard to examine a row of machines. But we seemed not to have fulfilled our task well, because when our teacher came and asked me a question I was unable to answer. I felt awkward because he didn't deserve it.
When I wasn't well prepared for a terminal exam and the teacher tried to give me a three by asking me some very easy questions. I burned with shame then.
Immediately after the New Year holidays I happened to visit a party where there was a lot of alcohol and I became drunk. On the next day I felt sort of ashamed when I remembered what I had said and done on the night before.
I felt ashamed when my parents found out that I had deceived them.
That was what I felt when I told my first lie and then was cought.
I have always felt ashamed for some people's behavior to their too old parents. I have felt hurt and shy when they have left them to the mercy of fate.
Once I had dinner at an elegant restaurant and I did not have enough money to pay the bill. There were a lot of people there and I felt quite awkward.
When I first had a sexual intercourse.
When for the first and the last time I tried to crib and the teacher was with her back to me but right when I was taking the materials out she turned round and saw me.
Losing my temper and allowing myself to act childishly by yelling and screaming at a person who I felt had done me wrong - in effect lowering myself to their level.
When I found a letter addressed "To Mum" by my son, 6 months later, he begged me not to sell his new shoes which he messed up after wearing them for the first time.
I felt shame at the hurt I caused to my family especially my parent father, shame of hurting people emotionally. A misconceived self-blaming that didn't do me any good. Shame at being myself as I am.
Put down by my father - at a family outing at mutual family friends dinner. Told "Not to Speak". The attitude by him was negative/I was in mid 20s, I had done many things - a wide range of experiences. Probably greater than he.
I told Mr Winter of Downtown Fashion to go to - when he did not accept my Visa !
When I was unable to respond to a welcome in my indigenous language of Maori at an important function where I was the only woman in the group and it was expected of me.
Like guilt - the most ashamed I have ever felt was when I began to feel guilty about having sex with my boyfriend when it was only "the thing to do", and not really an act of love.
NO RESPONSE.
I found I was pregnant and unmarried.
NO RESPONSE.
When ditched - divorced by husband.
When my natural parents name would show up on papers and not my, what I call real name.
When I went to explain to a lecturer whom I liked that the work expected of me was not going to be in.
That my brother and father are into alcohol, two men with priviledge. Not using it positively.
I criticised an action of my mother and for the first time she genuinely took notice of it. I felt shame that I was almost taking the part of a husband, or at least an equal which I should not.
While intoxicated I invaded someone's (a girl's) personal space to a large extent.
Not having owned up to the responsibility an incident where family car received minor damage.
When a close friend entrusted me with a secret and I let the cat out of the bag.
Cannot recall the emotion with any force.
My failure to provide the appropriate emotional/spiritual level to a sexual relationship that had a large physical content. Born out of inconsistency with my personal beliefs and value shame at largely using this sexual partner.
Watching Muldoon act as my P.M.
I am ashamed at myself sometimes when I am working with handicapped people and don't wish to be seen in public with them.
My first real experience with a boy. We were alone. I was quite young and pretty naive and he was pretty crude and real, sort of, macho. It was dark, at night during the summer and we were talking.
Felt ashamed when in a group conversation and could not understand words or comprehend the topic of discussion.
When I was twelve I was babysitting some children but I did not act very responsibly and one of them was injured.
Haven't felt shame for ages.
A serious drug error while nursing that I knew I was responsible for (patient lived, no complications fortunately).
When some unforgiving acquaintance dragged up an old and rather embarassing situation from my past.
Cannot remember such a situation.
Felt I had not appreciated my parents enough. Regretted the problems I'd caused.
Stealing money from my parents when I was young.
I kicked the dog outside on a cold night because he was annoying me. The next day he came down with the flu and we thought he was going to die.
Being with a close friend, in the city, who was involved at the present point in time in outrageous activity.
When caught shoplifting and the police were called in parents also informed.
On own reading book. Recall came to mind of slight sexual exploitation of a female (years ago) i.e. had her on even for sexual motives.
Close friend discovered I had deceived them. Felt shame at having done it and knowing that they knew.
I was severely reprimanded for a trivial offence in front of members of my peer group while still at school.
The 2nd time someone I had met cared for came over to my house I was absolutely inebriated and was sick into a bucket.
When dropping a carton of boiling soup onto a co-worker's leg - causing great pain, and for me, severe embarassment at my own ineptitude, and shame that another person suffered as a result.
When I was 15 my mother discovered various items in my room which 15 year olds aren't usually expected to have - mainly alcohol, marijuana and contraceptives !
I told my primary teacher I hadn't done my homework as my mother was in a car accident. My teacher rang that night to see how my mother was - she was fine i.e. no accident !
When I had come home drunk the day after a party, I felt very ashamed in front of my parents.
Breaking an implicit promise.
Sleeping with a girl on a Saturday night and then not contacting her in later days.
When I considered writing a load of crap for this emotion.
My father died 4 years ago, 18 months after my mother died. I feld my sister was responsible for his death, in that she "hadn't loved him". I felt ashamed for myself, and for my family.
Being caught by parents in a compromising situation with girlfriend.
I passed on some gossip that was untrue and cause two friends to have a fight who were already experiencing difficulties with each other.
When I let my girlfriend use my essay to help her to write hers and the tutor found them alike.
I was amongst a group of people talking about how the Maori people were stirrers and causing trouble in our country. I felt shame to be a pakeha when other pakehas had such narrow conservative views.
I ate very fattening food in front of my boyfriend who would like me to lose weight. I am supposedly pursuing a modelling career but first I must lose weight. I had been trying to diet.
When I as a Pakeha (white) new Zealander, was just as racially prejudiced as other people whom I had condemned.
Once in a public ladies room, I opened the door of a cubicle that was taken, although it was not locked.
Some weeks ago I experienced a day that everything went wrong I broke several things I felt very ashamed for I am not a sloven.
I saw a terrible accident happen and I laughed a lot of the fright and because I was nervous.
When I am in an auditorium with people and I ask a silly question so that everyone starts to laugh.
I felt shame when I didn't study enough for my exams and as a result I failed. I then invented idle stories to talk it good for myself and the others.
When I made an end on a relationship after three years.
During carnaval I danced for a few minutes normally I don't dance because I am rigid in my moving around during a dance, I stopped very soon.
At the airport, eighty beer cans that I was carrying in a bag spread all around while I was going through the metal detector.
When I got my fingers stuck in one of the side holes of the door, in the tube.
A mishap suffered on misinterpreting a girl's proposition.
I fell down in the bus when it braked suddenly and everybody started looking at me.
I cannot remember a situation in which I felt ashamed. I was eating with some people and a little boy I took care of. I warned him often not to knock down his glass of mild. When I took out his chair I knocked down my own glass.
I had subscribed for this test. We were informed by our secretary where the test took place. We went over there and thought there was a course. So we went back again I felt ashamed that the secretary again should see me.
We had arranged a beach party with 20 people. There my father got drunk I felt very ashamed.
When I have suffered a terrible fit of eating, that frequently occurs. Then I eat everything, I act like a glutton I eat big amounts of food, sometimes even half a loaf.
When I forgot the birthday of my best friend and I innocently came to visit her one week later.
I talk too much, cannot keep things secret. I promised a friend not to tell something to anybody. Neverthless, I did, and she got informed about it. I felt very ashamed.
I wrote a letter to my father to ventilate my bottled up feelings. Afterwards I thought it was too negative.
When I was 10 years old I stained our bench with a fountain-pen, I tried to twin the cushions, but then there were colour nuances. Then my mother catched me, she saw it and became very angry.
A friend catched me while masturbating. I am not fully sure whether she saw it or not.
When my mother found a leaf of my diary where I had written about my mother's lack of education, especially her poor arithmetical insight.
Making bloopers: e.g. telling something negative about a certain person, while that person is standing besides you and hears everything.
When I embarrassed a friend by asking him aloud if a certain person was "the source of gossip" he told me about, while that person was also present.
I stayed at home for a period because I felt depressive and I neglected my study when people adked me, I told them that I had freeterm and studied hard. I felt ashamed for my behavior and lies.
I was jerking me off in my bedroom, when suddenly, my mother came in. She looked at me and immediately left the room.
Asking someone to give me back the money I once lend him because I needed it myself.
I made a joke about the rat of a boy. I compared his rat with a sausage. I told the boy he had a delicious sausage.
My father was very angry with another man in the presence of my friends.
After having failed my driving test.
When I imitated a teacher behind his back - walking very silly.
Recently, I left my bag in the car of someone who picked me up while hitch-hiking. I spent some effort to find out where he lived (I succeeded).
When I arrived too late at a meeting of mentor (the night before the introduction of novices on the University start).
Going out for dinner, or during one ice-cream and four spoons.
When I tried to steal a book from the bookshop and was caught.
It was during a school holiday - I was found necking a girl in my room by my father.
While watching a religious film, I got very excited and made a number of comments which were reproached to me by an elderly person who respected me.
When I could not hold my bladder while making a telephone call and ended up wetting myself.
On New Years eve I drank too much alcohol, so much that I had to vomit in the presence of other people.
A much older man took advantage of me during my childhood (four to eight years of age).
I tried to swindle a jeweller because my watch was broken and I wanted to have it repaired it was a pity but they detected it.
I thought of myself as being clumsy when I made love for the first time with a girl.
A girl asked me why I didn't dance. I told her I was ashamed to dance. I felt myself ashamed having to tell her this.
When I went to a disco with a friend I started behaving badly embarrassing him without reason.
I omitted to do a favor to a friend, while he was very much in need for help.
When I am angry at someone without a good reason. Later on it proves that he didn't do anything wrong.
During a party I overheard a conversation about china. When I wanted to give my opinion one of the people came out to be Chinese and his opinion was right of course.
Making an unexpected talk with a professor in the canteen. This made me shy.
When coming up for trial because of shop lifting.
I was catched when, as a little girl, I played tricks. I was very startled then and wet my pants.
I am troubled by hair growing in my neck. I was troubled by this for a long time and was much ashamed when someone brought his/her hands close to my face.
I was very angry at someone.
At Christmas night there was a good movie on television which I wanted to see for years. I was whining about it till someone told me it was very childish. Then I felt shame.
After a party in which I made love with a boy in public. Later on I heard that others were talking about me and called me a slut.
I was drinking a glass of wine and eating something when there suddenly appeared pictures about the famine in some parts of Africa.
In an important situation for me, my father behaved inadequately.
I made a very insulting remark against a person whom I care for very much. This event was caused by a third person who didn't like the person I insulted.
In my opinion guilt is a feeling which goes together with shame. Here then I refer to the situation of guilt.
A teacher spent a lot of time helping me without wanting to be paid for it. For the exam I didn't got a good grade and I felt ashamed.
When I didn't meet an appointment I had made. The person phoned me but I thought of something (I told I was ill) so that I didn't have to go.
I was eating in a very nice restaurant, when the servant asked whether I liked the food I told him that I liked it but that there was one thing which wasn't so good. The servant than worked very hard to make it good.
During my Highschool time I was chairman of the student's comitee. In this function I once had to make a speech to a large audience and I was very nervous. After three sentences I forgot my text.
When I went for the first time in my life to a nudist-beach.
I forgot something I agreed upon with a good friend.
When I overslept for the second time on the day I had an examination.
When I gave water to the plants of a friend. Then one plant fell over, and a little statue broke. I, of course, had to tell him everything.
When I do not succeed in making myself clear to other people. When they do not understand what I say.
When I made acquaintance with the parents of my boyfriend for the first time. They spoke Limburgian (a dutch dialect) and one of my first remarks was that I disliked Limburgian dialect.
I cried for 3 hours because I felt very miserable. Then I called my boyfriend and he said lovely things to me. After this feeling disappeared I felt ashamed.
A girl in our class was nicknamed "fatsy". Later, I heard that she suffered from diabetes mellitus.
I had a short lasting sexual relationship with someone I didn't love.
We had made an appointment to complete together a piece of work. It appeared that I was the only one who hadn't prepared anything.
Once by coincidence I clutched a stranger (in a rather intimate way), thinking it was my boyfriend. When by hindsight I feel ashamed when thinking about it.
A friend came for dinner with me at home. His parents are ordinary people. My mother, however, used the very expensive porcelain dinner-service and the silver cutlery. I felt very ashamed.
When I state things with great positiveness and try to convince others, and it appears that my statement is not right.
I was taking a shower in a cubicle in France. Then I discovered that a few children were loking at me from the adjacent cubicle.
When I was a child my parents caught me with a pornographic magazine.
When I wore a grotesque figure hanging down my back.
When a person whom I do not want to see is continously present.
I met a friend in a discotheque. he was with a girl and he told me that she was not his girlfriend.  I, to say something, commented that she must be a viscious woman.  He then told me that she was his girl.
Once I did not have enough money to pay for a coffee.
I fell outside the door of my house.
Once I answered my father rudely.
When I realized that I had a hole in my trousers after having gone for a walk.
A few days back I had to ask a professor a ridiculous question because I had lost at a game of cards and had to pay a forfeit.
On New Year's Eve, when I went to the house of my girlfriend's parents to meet them.
The last time I had to phone the Registry, after having called them so many times in the last few days.
When I was dismissed from a job after having been accused of theft.
I think that I am rather shy and do not mix with people as I would have liked to, out of shyness.
My aunt phoned me to ask me why I had refused the her invitation to dinner at her home on the New Year's Eve.
I was swimming in the sea and a wave took the top part of my bikini away.
For example, to feel bad because of one's attire, to be among people who do not belong to the same social class, to give a wrong answer in class, to be surprised in particular situations.
Equivocal situation when filling a security questionnaire on entering a government building with several people there.
When I went to see the doctor and had to take my clothes off so that he could examine me.
When I had to represent my boss at a meeting.
When I tripped while getting on a bus.
When inadvertantly I found myself in the ladies room.
When I was a child I had to recite a poem in a show at the end of the term.
When I inadvertantly entered the ladies room and met some girls on my way out.
Each time the professor asks me a question in class.
When a friend from whom I preferred to hide my private life discovered that I had relations with a man.
One day I got on the bus without any money or season ticket and the driver threw me out.
We were discussing a subject ( I knew very little about it) and I was holding my ground.  They showed me that I was wrong.
I had to meet a girlfriend to go out for a drink and she arrived with her aunt, to whom I was introduced.  Then the aunt left.
When criticizing something about a person and then realizing that the person whom one is talking to is similar.
When people next to me play the fool.
The first time that I caressed a girl, I was about thirteen and she was eighteen.  I noticed that it did not affect her at all.
My mother had just been teaching me how to crochet, which is thought highly improper for a boy in a town.  Just when we finished, a neighbour walked in.
One day in class, the professor asked me a question concerning something he had been explaining.  He was very close to me (beside me) and I had no idea what to answer.
Once when I said bad things concerning a friend.
I was alone in the bus when I tripped and fell, and dropped all my papers.
When I fell head on in a fountain.
When a professor caught me absent-minded and not paying attention to what he was saying.
The girl with whom I was going around had been forbidden to be alone with me in the house.  We paid no attention to this prohibition but one day her parents appeared and I jumped out of the window.  They saw me.
In a Mathematics class, the professor asked me a question and I gave the wrong answer.
Once I had to visit a rather special person.
While shopping, a person close to us created an uncomfortable situation for those who were with her.
A children's film in which I played a clown, with spotlights, cameras and the director who demanded jumps and guffaws.
In class I had to say something aloud and people reacted  by laughing.
When I stated sharply something I was not very sure of and a few days later I was shown to be wrong.
A professor was going to read aloud in class a composition of mine in which I had criticized some political attitudes and also some class-mates.   I was ashamed at having written that.
This morning I spent a lot of time on my toilet and missed the train to the university.  My mother told me that I spent more time than a woman on my toilet.  I felt a mixed emotion of shame and anger.
When I was in a religious school my teacher showed me up in front of all my class-mates.  They were very sarcastic and cruel.
I slipped and fell in to a puddle and people started looking at me.
A person (a male) told me that he liked me.  He has a problem, he is a homosexual.
At a friend's party there were several allusions to my sexual adventures.
When I was in the toilet and someone came in.
I was with a group of people and everybody told me to do or say something.  It was a confusing, strong and traumatic situation for me.
The parents of a friend of mine surprised us and another couple sleeping in thier place.
I was watching T.V with my parents and some pornographic scenes came on, I felt uncomfortable and tried to distract my parents attention by talking to them.
At a concert an old man arrived and began to danse, sing and do silly things.
I was in a very small class and the professor said something about me that made everyone look at me at the same time.
In a very crowded shop I was distracted and missed my turn in the queue.  A woman who was behind me began to shout at me asking me either to pay more attention or to leave.
I liked a boy and I would feel shy and then blush.  The more I wanted to avoid it the more I blushed.
I was at the University dining room, alone, and at a table next to mine thre were several professors.  One of them asked me to join them.  I refused but she insisted.  All the others started looking at me and I had to move to their table.
At the seaside, when a wave suddenly came and took off my bikini.
At a meeting with over one hundred people, they decided who had to speak from the stand by drawing lots.
When I went to my boyfriend's house for lunch and saw his parents, I felt that they were watching me all the time.
I was swimming in the river and I lost the top of my bikini.  I did not notice it and came out of water.  There was a disagreeable classmate watching the scene.
When I met a friend of mine after several months.  
I ride my motorbike in my village and everyone stares at me as if I was a rare specimen.
I greeted and embraced the wrong person thinking that it was my friend.
I feel this emotion very often when I try to express my feelings in public, because other people do not understand my reactions and think that I am silly. 
I think that the only time I really felt shame was when I was very young and I had to defecate on the street.  I was very worried in case someone should see me.
The mother of a friend of mine passed by me and saw me sitting on a boy's lap.  I tried to greet her but could not help blushing.
I was dancing in a theatre.  I was not sure whether some frieends of mine had come to see me.  I was very scared of doing things wrong.
When I entered a bar looking for a friend.
When the literature teacher made me recite a poem in the middle of the class and I had to gesticulate.
I was walking to school and I passed by a red cross post where there were many soldiers.  They began to pass remarks at me.
When I was young I was told to to the shop to buy a dozen eggs.  I went and asked for one egg and the people in the shop laughed at me and so did my family when I told them what had happened.
One day when I came back home, I found my favourite dish broken.  I blamed the servant for it, later I found out that it was not the servant but my daughter who had broken it.
The time I shouted at most of my friends at a party.  It was as if  all my friends had done something wrong, or may be it was the influence of the beer.
I was going around with a foreigner's wife and my entire family got to know about it, this was just when I had become a Christian.
I got pass marks in the H.S.S compulsory courses while most people performed well.
I was with my colleagues and we met an elderly man who was very drunk, as he approached us he started to undress.
When I was found urinating, behind a toilet instead of inside it, by my class mates and the teachers.  I was told to pick up my own urine from the wet soil, I did it.
When I was taking an exam in grade 5.  The examinator found me with a note-book and accused me of copying, All the students laughed at me.
My brother came to see me and found me with a boy friend.  When my boyfriend greeted him, he did not answer and instead started shouting at me and scolding me in the prescence of my boyfriend.
When I gave my boyfriend a brush-off.
When I got drunk at a party and made a fool of myself by vomitting all over the place and insulting the people who were there with me.
When I failed to answer a simple question.
I choked on a cold drink in front of girls who were strangers.
When five of my friends at the secondary school found out the bad things that I had been saying about them.
My mother caught me stealing some food when I was a young boy.
When I stole a book in class and the teacher caught me, the rest of the class laughed at my attempt.
When a lady I was flirting with told all my class-mates that she was in second year while I was in first year, everyone laughed and started looking at me.
This was when I was discovered stealing a piece of bread at home, I was very hungry a few hours before supper.
My girlfriend had started going around with another boy.  Her cousin, also a friend of mine, asked her as to who she preferred.  Both of us were present and she chose the other guy.
When I received a letter from my girlfriend telling me that she was engaged to an another man.
At school - being whipped by the teacher in front of the class.
Insulted my girlfriend during a peptalk.
I was running in front of a crowd when I slipped and fell on a wet lawn.
I had gone to aa bookshop to buy some books.  Somehow, I got very cross with the security guard checking through what I had bought.  I lost my temper and screamed at him.  Later I felt very ashamed at myself as a lot of people I know were there.
When someone I know was caught in an "adultery" situation.
When I walked out of my room with only my pants on and found my girlfriend and her female friend looking for me outside.
I was double crossing my fiancee and one day she caught me red handed.  She forgave me later.  I was very ashamed of what I had done.
I was caught stealing food at my aunt's place.  I had tried to hide the food I had taken from the pantry while my aunt was in the kitchen, however she went to the pantry and discovered the stolen package.
When I was leaving home I decided to leave without saying good-bye to my young brother.  My brother saw me and said,        " Will you not say good-bye to me?"  He is only 31/2 years old. 
I insulted the girl to whom I had proposed when she turned me down.
I was very drunk at a certain wedding party and I got involved in a fight.
I scolded my sister without waiting for her explanation.
A patient, to whom I had given a powerful medicine, shouted at me in front of many people.  I realized that he did so because he was very ill.
After a jogging session I had severe abdominal cramps and this lead to my wanting to empty my bladder.  My friends gathered around me and two of them had to help me to the toilet.  I was ashamed at having to go to the toilet in the presence of my friends.
When I failed my grade 7 exam at the first attempt in 1975.  My father and the entire family thought that I was finished in life.  I really felt like hiding.
When a soppy poem that I had written to a boy was found and every one read it and started teasing me about it.
When I wet my bed at boarding school.
I forgot that the course instructor had directed us to go for special classes after the usual class hours.  I missed this the first day and when he asked me about it the next day I said that I had forgotten.
I was ashamed at being the only one to have got a C+ in ED120 assignment.
When I failed the grade seven exams.
When I got very low marks in one of the assignments.
Getting drunk and creating a lot of trouble at a place I respect - my friend's home.
I felt ashamed of myself the first time I drank as nobody in the family drinks.  I felt that I had let down my parents and my friends.
When I bribed the person who caught me doing something I was not supposed to have done.  I was very ashamed of what I had done.
My love proposal was turned down by a lady I really loved.
I felt ashamed when a friend, I had always respected, insulted me in public.  He was drunk.
When I almost did something awful with a friend of mine and myself.
When my friend had a child out of wedlock.
As a kid my mother caught me stealing sugar and giving it to a neighbour.
When my father found me in bed with a girl, we were deep in actioon when he entered the room.
My cousin and I were at the farm and at night we drunk like fools and made a lot of noise.  We had drunk two much of wine.
When I ate my sister's food and then she found out that it was me.  I felt very ashamed but still refused to admit that it was me.
When my dad caught me with a honey (girlfriend) in my bedroom.
When I proposed love to a girl and she turned me down.
I felt very ashamed at having got a book by force from a girl.
We were at a party, this guy I liked and me.  I really loved him and gathered enough courage to ask him to kiss me.  He did not do it but instead asked me what I would like for my birthday.  I told him that I would like a kiss more than anything else but he excused himself and said that it was impossible.  I really felt embarassed.
I do not have accomodation on the campus so I stay with my extended family, one young man used bad words while asking me to leave their home.
Getting very low marks in mathematics.
When I swindled money out of someone.
When a woman who I respected very much was made pregnant, unexpectedly by a man of a caliber I never expected.
I was ashamed when my friend and I were cross with each other till we apologized to each other.
When I failed one of the first year's courses.
A few years back I had proposed love to a girl who later turned out to be related to me.  Though we were in love with each other, we both felt ashamed and withdrew from each other.
When I told a girl that I could not take her out that night as I was entertaining my mother who had come from home.  However, I later met this girl with another girlfriend at a hostel where I had taken out another girlfriend of mine.
When I was taken to the place where my uncle had defecated in his pants after having drunk beer.
When I failed grade 7.
When I realized that I was pregnant.  I thought about what my relatives and friends would think about me and I felt a lot of self pity.
About a dozen girls laughed at me and I was sure that there was nothing wrong with me.
When my mum learnt that I had beaten up someone in a fight.
I insulted two of my friends because I thought that had been gossiping about me right under my nose, however I later found out that they were not doing so.
When I went to the library three weeks after it had opened and found that everyone was busy.
I was wearing a slit tight dress at a disco and it burst open.
When my younger sister, who was then 16 years old, was pregnant.
I took a girl out once and discovered that she was going around with one of my close friends.
When I failed the grade 7.
When I told a lie to a friend of my sister on April fool's day.  She later came to see me and told me that it was a very foolish thing to do.
When I lied to my wife and told her that I was going to the Copperbelt on a buisness trip, she later found me in a hotel with a girlfriend.
I took an exam which I failed terribly as I had not studied.
The day I learnt that my girlfriend had been going around with  a close friend of mine.
When money was stolen from my pocket.
When I was in grade one, one day I felt like going to the toilet during class but I was very scared of the teacher so I urinated in the class.
I had a feeling of shame when I found myself unable to answer some questions from my tutor simply because of a lack of preparation.
On a road trip with a group of sorority and fraternity people, I became intoxicated and basically raped. I don't remember the actual event, but I know the feeling that I experienced later.
Every time I was around this one person I would stick my foot in my mouth by being nasty. One time I accidently said something fairly cruel that was totally inappropriate.
My third grade teacher caught me cheating on a spelling test. I couldn't spell Australia and she said in a loud voice something like "We don't have cheaters in my class".
When I just took a shower with a girl down the hall. I felt that I had let my devotion to God go out the window. Although nothig happened I felt ashamed.
A friend of mine had said something about not liking to come to my place just before coming to my place.   In the meanwhile I got to learn about this from another friend of mine and when she arrived at my place I really treated her badly.  I was later ashamed of the way I had treated someone when the person was at my place.
When I got 1 mark in an Abnormal Psychology exam.
During a class I was asked a question which I did not hear very clearly, so I gave an answer which was not related to the question and everyone started laughing at me.
[ When I acted against my mind or conscious.]
[ Never felt the emotion.]
I was misbehaving in the agency.
When I blurted out an answer in class without having been asked to do so.  The teacher told me that it was bad manners to do so.
When I failed one of the tests because I had not worked hard enough.
I was saying bad things about a man I had never seen.  I was with a friend and did not know that she was related to this man.  My friend did not tell me about it and I discovered this myself.
When my first sexual intercourse turned out to be a flop.  I was in a panic and ended up without an erection.
I was about to share lunch with my aunt's husband when she told me that I would have to wait and eat with my cousins.
I had a misunderstanding with my father and after some time I found that I had been wrong.
When I bought new clothes and put them on.
When I did not inform my friends of my forthcoming birthday.
When the brother-in-law of a girlfriend of mine found us in a bedroom with clothes and panties spread all over the place.
When I did not do well in the PG310 test I, I got only 4 marks above the pass marks despite my effort.  I felt bad because quite a number of friends did better.
When I blamed my failure to the bias and favouritism in the        marking system, in fact I had not worked hard enough.
When my darling found me walking hand in hand with another girl whom I loved also. 
When I had to walk home from the bus-stop in a skirt that I had soiled.  It drew a lot of attention and they all seemed to want to see the blood stains.
When I did something naughty and it lead to the embarrassment of my parents.
One morning after breakfast I was still not satisfied.  My nephew (a small boy of 2) had not eaten his breakfast and just when I was taking a bit of his share someone walked in.
When my sister became pregnant at UNZA last year.
When I contacted a sexually transmitted disease and the lecturer came to know about it as it was he who treated me for it.
When I failed the grade seven exams.
When my cousin's wife refused him sex and claimed that she was my girllfriend.  I think that there is something wrong with the woman as I have never even thought of having sex with her.
As a young girl in form I, I wet my bed one day at the boarding school and many girls came to see the person who had done it as I had to take my mattress out that day.
When I was hungry, I tried to take the money that my mother had saved up for something else.
During my childhood I once lied and my sister found out.
Lying to my cousin about the form five examination fees.
[ I feel shame when I do not arrive on time and others have to wait for me for a long time.]
[ I have not felt this emotion in my life.]
When an intimate friend of mine passed B.A with first class and I got only pass class.
Failing in the English language exam.
My article not chosen by the college newspaper
Meeting other friends who got in the good universities.
Not chosen for all English classes.
Not doing well in the examn.
Failing an examn.
Failing an examn.
Not being able to hand in homework in time.
When I was caught with someone's daughter.
I told a lie about someone to someone else and they found out   and questioned me about it.
I was complaining about calling people whom I didn't know. I forgot that the purpose is to invite people for dinner and get to know them.
After the car accident in GUILT.
I felt shame when I saw someone I knew and pretended not to see her. Later she saw me and said hi.
I borrowed a gold bracelet without the girl's knowledge. I had it for so long I had to keep it. To this day I feel ashamed at myself for having it. I never wear the thing anymore.
Since I've been here I haven't written to any of my relatives. I got a letter from my mom telling me how upset my grandparents are from not hearing from me.
I was wearing a short skirt one day and someone told me my underwear was showing.
One night a friend found out that I dumped one girl for another and he proceded to lecture me.
I took my math midterm and got it back the following Wednesday in class. It was a totally low grade.
When given responsibility to grade papers in elementary school, I cheated a little and graded my own higher.
When I sat in the wrong discussion section in the beginning of the semester. I insisted on being in the right section and the TA's list should have included my name. When I found out that I was in the wrong, I apologized, turned red and left.
When I purposely locked my babysitter out of the house at age 4 because I DIDN'T LIKE HER.
When I get an exam back with a grade that I did not desire. Then I get mad at myself and say that I could have done better.
I was angry about 3 months ago and I kicked backwards against the wall. It caved in and so I had to show it to my parents. I had been angry after my mother said something to me about not being able to find clothes in my size - something that I'm sensitive about. (6' 5'' 210)
When I lied to my best friend about a boy she really liked but he didn't like her. I told her he did and she bugged him for a long time embarrassing herself.
Not doing my share of the work for the house job.
My grand father caught me eating his private jelly bean supply.
When I found out my roommate had been talking behind my back about very personal things.
Lying to my grandparents about visiting my boyfriend in Chico.
When I was 10, I got busted for stealing a candy-bar.
My boat didn't win a race which we were favored to win.
Recently, some friends and I had too much to drink while on a foot-ball road trip to USC. We trashed our hotel room and I felt ashamed when the maid walked in the next morning.
I slipped on butter one evening in the Dining Commons landed on my rear causing my tray also to land on the floor.
A month ago I turned in an English paper in late after I had already had a previous paper late and promised not to do it again.
When I failed some tests my first year at CAL.
I made an unkind remark about the ethnicity of some friends without realizing it.
When I did poorly on a test and I knew that there wasn't an excuse for not doing better. Made mistakes I could not believe I made.
When I had not been accepted to a college which I dreamed of going to. I felt that I had let myself and my parents down.
The first time I slept at my boyfriends house and had to walk down the hall to the shower in front of his housemates. I felt they were judging me.
I had just masterbated with another boy.
Fooling around with this guy I did not know.
I bought a possible answer to a homework problem which was completely inapplicable to the question due to my not having read about the subject matter.
Doing poorly on an exam that I thought I should do well.
The people on my floor last year were very close. This year 4 of our best friends live together in an apartment. My boyfriend and I dropped by on one of their birthdays and stayed for dinner. Two other people had already been invited and I felt uncomfortable and unwanted. Then I realized I was the one who always called them and they rarely call me.
Defying my parents and staying out all night when I wasn't supposed to.
Caught lying to my father about a speeding ticket I had received.
After a big fight with my parents.
I went to bed with a girl and the next day she thought it was the start of something serious and I just thought it was fun and I told her I wasn't interested in starting a serious relationship.
NO RESPONSE
I borrowed $ 20.00 from a friend and paid him back much later than I had originally intended.
I wanted my boyfriend to stay when he didn't. He stayed but when he left I felt ashamed because I should have let him leave when he wanted. I was too selfish.
I could have died when I was caught cheating on a test in high school. That was my first and last time.
I was supposed to go out with my girlfriend one Saturday night, but I got really drunk with some friends earlier that afternoon and evening. So, I totally forgot about going out with my girlfriend. She showed up the next day, and that was when I remembered.
After taking a difficult midterm for one of my classes, I felt shame for not studying as much as I should have. I was ashamed of the results of the midterm.
I had a test in the class and I had not adequately prepared myself. I didn't fare so well on the exam and I felt bad about it.
I tried after months to begin talking to my boyfriend again. He ignored me. I felt I had lowered my pride and became his "doormat".
When I dated my friend's boyfriend after they had broken up.
The fact that I was pregnant. I was always considered level headed and did not have sex until 18 and out of high school.
The same for guilt would apply.
I came home from school very keyed up. At the dinner table I unfortunately unloaded a lot of my hostility off on one of my parents. I'm ashamed that I didn't dispate and control these feelings before coming to the table or even let the energy build up in the first place.
When I was small, I would always fight with my younger sister and one time I hit her and knocked the wind out of her. I felt real bad about it.
I felt ashamed when I was confronted by a teaching assistant that a close friend and I were accused of cheating on a math exam.
My grades. When my parents say, "How are you doing at school, getting good grades ?" I say, "Great, just fine !" Actually, I feel ashamed about myself.
Arguing with a friend over politics. She was more informed on the issues and made me feel very ashamed of my political ignorance.
Getting a low grade on a midterm.
I felt this when I was copying homework for one of my classes.
I was supposed to do something and didn't. The person was really dependiong on me.
I did bad on a test I didn't study for.
When I failed the S.S.C examination I felt very ashamed.
I had a habit of wetting my bed when I was young.  One day, when I was invited to my friend's place to stay for the night, it happened again.  I was ashamed of myself.
When the teacher asked me a question in class, concerning something I had read earlier, and I did not know the answer, so I felt ashamed in front of the whole class.
[ I have never felt this emotion.]
I had always been first in my class and in the preliminary board exams I scored the highest marks.  Then the exams were postponed and I neglected my studies as I was confident.  However when the final results came out I felt ashamed as I had scored less than 60% marks and my rank in the class was fifth or sixth.
[ I have never felt this emotion.]
I felt ashamed when I had not attended a class and the teacher asked me the reason for my absence. 
When I failed the ninth standard exam in school.
Whenever I am late, I feel ashamed of myself even though no one tells me anything.
When I failed the twelveth standard exams I was ashamed at having to see my parents later.
When I failed the M.S.C exam.
When I got 1/2 out of 15 in Abnormal Psychology I felt ashamed.
One day in the TYBA class the teacher asked me a very simple question which I could not answer.  Finally the teacher himself gave us the answer and my friends started laughing at me as I had not been able to answer a simple question.  I knew the answer but feared that my response may be wrong.  All this made me feel ashamed of myself. 
When some of my close friends and colleagues talk about me and my work and say that I am the brightest student of the college.
As part of the assessment I had to speak on a subject in front of the class. I was not really prepared and I was just reading the stuff I had on a piece of paper, when some of the students  asked me something I could not give them an answer.  I felt ashamed as I had not prepared the topic.
I was ashamed at myself for having shouted at my daughter because of my marital break-up and the unfair way I was treated.
Every time I do not write something well in English.
When I could not pass my exams with good marks.  My wedding was to take place 15 days after the exams and I tried to convince myself that this was the reason for my not having done well.   However, I thought that had I really put my mind to doing well at the exams I would have done well.
The first time that I had to go up on the stage to give a speech.
I got into a tight pair of trousers and examined myself in the mirror.  My back looked unpresentable and I felt ashamed at my wanting to wear those clothes that day.  I quickly changed into another dress.
I felt ashamed when I fought with my mother on some issue, and caused her trouble.
When my co-resident opened the bathroom door while I was bathing inside.
When I broke-down while seeing off my friend.
[ I have felt shame but am unable to remember any particular incident.]
One day I addressed my husband in an abusive manner in front of his friends.  Later on I realized this myself and felt ashamed of myself.
I remember that once, a friend did not co-operate with me due to some unavoidable reasons.  Unaware of this I treated her unjustly till I realized everything, and then I felt ashamad of my deeds. 
[ ....has not really happened.]
This is an event I will never forget.  I am considered a good mimic.  This particular day we were waiting for a professor to take her class.  This  professor had a peculiar accent and a very horrible way of lecturing and to top it all we had this class at the fag end of the day.  So this particular day I got into my element and started imitating the professor, and the professor entered the class right in the middle of it .  I was unaware of her presence, some of my friends tried to warn me but it was of no avail as I was too engrossed in mimicing.  Then I suddenly noticed the silence and turned around to see her entering the class.  I do not know till today if she actually saw what I had been doing or she had completely ignored it.  Through  out that lecture I died of shame.  All the more shameful was the fact that she gave me a character certificate. 
I was learning judo and my instructor wanted me to assist him in teaching girls judo at a suburban college.  I was just a beginer, and he made me a green belt so that I would be able to command respect.  This was against my principles, and yet I allowed myself to listen to him.  I gave it up soon after, however I felt very ashamed at not sticking to my principles and at not having put my foot down earlier.
I feel ashamed at the fact that even after 35 years of independence   70% of the Indian poulation is still below the poverty line.
I had this feeling before my graduation and never dared to speak to my relatives and  friends.  Because of this feeling I would avoid situations, however I do not know the reason for this.
Some time back I had signed a letter which I had not read.  What had happened is that something had been written against my friend and this went to the higher authorities.  My friend asked me  -"you also signed ?"   
When I realized that I belonged to a country which is amongst the poorest in the world and that inspite of having the resources we do not utilize them.  I was ashamed at myself and my country, shame at the lack of parity between the lifestyles of the citizens.
I always feel ashamed when I do not succeed in accomplishing something in which I had put in all my efforts.
I had reacted angrily at a friend for no fault of his.  I had raised my voice and had not cared for his opinion.
Yesterday while playing volley ball, there was one person extra    and somebody had to out.  A mess worker and I were the  last ones to arrive and we had arrived at the same time.  Rightfully one of us had to opt out of the game, as I was delaying leaving the mess worker opted out saying that I should play.  I felt ashamed of myself.
When I was detained one day in school, by the vice-principal, for indiscipline.
A few months back I had gone to my friend's place and they offered me tea and coffee.  I do not have the habit of drinking tea or coffee and so they offered me a glass of milk instead, so I felt ashamed.
[ Never experienced.]
My teacher asked me a question which I failed to answer and I was told to stay behind after the class and give the answer after studying it from a book.
When I was 12 years old I was caught by the Ticket Collector when travelling without a ticket.
When I was in the 12th standard, I could not speak English.  One day, while  talking with my relatives I used a wrong word and  my cousin corrected me, believing that I did not know English.  I really felt ashamed then.
Once I had torn a few pages off a library book and I felt ashamed at this.
The day my fiancee told me that it was bad that I could not write my mother tongue.
[ I was not, I am not, I will never ever feel ashamed of myself for something I have done.]
Truely, I got very ashamed when my brother was sent out of Business Machines Limited Company due to improper handling of the office equipment in Sales Services.
When I was young I was playing football near my parent's house and while playing I fell on the ground. At first I thought I was not seen by anybody, but when my mother laughed I felt very ashamed.
I once felt shame when I failed to fulfil the promise to marry a daughter of a certain gentleman.
When I had not done well in Geography at my MCE I was expected to get more than I did.
Teacher suspected me stealing money.
Not collecting homeworks in time to give the teacher.
Swearing in public.
China cannot give your lectures bigger place and sound system.
Failed to recagnize a friend on the street.
Talking to friends about how old you are and we cannot be as successful as you at your age.
Saw something stupid and ignorant happening in the countryside.
There is one thing which makes me feel shameful,  when I see friends of my age group working and earning a lot, when I am still studying.  A friend I met a week ago after a period of 5 years is earning more than Rs 3000/ month.
When I had insulted my father two years back, at that time I was very angry due to some reasons.
When I was not in a position to control myself.  I had said too much and had been cruel with no other than my mother.
When I had been angry at my friend without any reason.
[ Sorry, I was never ashamed about anything in my life.]
I was ashamed at myself when I saw that the other boys and girls   of my age earn a lot of money by doing very good and hard work. 
When I was teasing a girl, who turned out to be my brother's dame.
I had written a "love-letter" to a class-mate of mine, this was meant to be a joke.  Unfortunately it fell in the wrong hands  and I had to face the consequences.
[ I am quite shameless, not applicable.]
[ Do not remember any incident.]
I felt the above condition when I was found in a house playing with another man's wife where I was asked questions and I was unable to answer.
It was my father's birthday party when I was asked to bring a tray of tea and other drinks.
An out-patient asked me to read for him a certain prescription but I was unable to do so. The patient was dissappointed and lost hope in me.
It was last week on Sunday that I was walking with my girlfriend along Kawale road going to town so I tried to stop a car for a lift and the driver didn't stop and I felt shame because people were looking at us.
It was a shameful moment when I heard that I had failed my Primary School leaving Certificate Exam in 1978. My girlfriend was there when the news was released.
I remember when I was in Standard 6, I failed one of the terminal tests and I told my parents that I had passed but after they found out from the class teacher that I had failed, I was proved a liar.
The shame came when I was beaten by my teacher at school in front of boys and girls some of whom were my friends and a girlfriend apart from being classmates.
This situation happened when I was found kissing a girl who was my friend's girlfriend.
When I broke a tea saucer. I felt ashamed. This was during the birthday of my girlfriend.
I had a girlfriend in the same class I was. I did not do well in my Exams, but she did satisfactorily well and was taken into another class leaving me behind.
I was ashamed when my classmates discovered that I fell in love with an uneducated girl.
I once proposed my own niece whom I did not know but I discovered after she was my girlfriend.
When I first failed my standard 8 exams for the first attempt for Form I selection.
I experienced shame when I failed to keep a promise to meet my friend at the bus depot. He later came and asked me why I had not turned up.
I was ashamed when a certain friend of mine I used to move with failed to propose to a lady yet we always said to ourselves no lady can refuse our proposal.
One day mother slaughtered a chicken for a brother who had come back for holiday. In everybody's absence I opened the foodstore and ate all internal organs of the chicken. When mother discovered, we were all called and I was found with hands stained with soup. I was ashamed being the eldest of all in the family.
I was ashamed one day when we were found stealing and roasting maize cobs from Agricultural experimental projects.
One day I was with my girlfriend and other friends were behind us, I fell down because the place was slippery and I really felt ashamed.
When parents of a certain girl refused to let me marry their daughter because I was not fit to do so yet the girl accepted everything and later she followed what her parents insisted and she told me never to talk to her again.
This was when one of the Clinical officers scolded us in the hospital on how to make beds but we did not deserve to be scolded.
I was very ashamed when I was neglected by a certain friend whom I was thinking loved me very much.
It was when my father caught me with a girl in dark corners and asked me what I was doing there.
I was in my room, I just heard that my Uncle had been caught in somebody's house with somebody's wife. He had to appear in court. I went to see what would happen to him.
When a certain girl I believed to be my life partner refused an engagement.
One day I went for a bath. I took off my clothes and as soon as I had finished my brother came in. I felt sad and I found no reason why he came in.
It was when we were beaten or lost the football match by 5-1 and then I scored the third goal to my own side.
In our class we had a test on Nursing, so a friend from the Army was caught peeping, by using a paper which had already answers which was written by him. So all of us from the Army got ashamed.
In 1972 I failed my Examination because of my own crooky behaviour of dodging from Examinations.
Soiled my short trousers with faeces.
At one occasion I was ashamed of being refused after a proposal for a friendship with a certain girl. I was ashamed because she refused publically in the presence of my fellow friends.
News was spread that I had been found doing sexual intercourse with a small girl. At first this annoyed me but later on I became ashamed because many people seemed to believe it.
I answered a certain question from Dr. Maqgda wrongly. She asked something about Femur and my answer was saying something concerning the brain. So I was very ashamed amongst my friends.
I had high-heeled shoes one time, but a certain girl who saw the shoes told me that they were out of fashion and I looked as an old man when I was in those shoes.
I was very much ashamed after a friend beat me at school and I was defeated.
When someone pointed out that I was proud, yet I didn't dress up properly. This was when I and my friend went for a dnce one Saturday.
I felt shame when I was asked by my cousin that I promised to buy her a birthday present but I didn't buy it for her in front of friends.
I met a woman who was looking for our house. She stopped me but I ran away. When I arrived at home I found the same woman and she told my parents what had happened so I felt ashamed.
One day I was supposed to go to a movie with my boyfriend. In the morning I went to see my Auntie and I didn't come back up to evening.
When I decided not to out any longer with a girl whom I liked quite a lot.  This made me feel low for a some time.
When I failed my Primary school leaving Examinations. I never thought I would fail. When I heard I had failed I really felt ashamed of myself.
I was ashamed with my biology lecturer when he asked me a question and I could not answer it.
I felt ashamed when my lecturer said in class that I happened to be the dullest of all.
When I failed Psychology examination when most of the students passed.
I had been telling lies and people discovered instantly that I was telling lies. I felt very shameful and I felt like disappearing from people.
We were writing Primary school leaving Examinations when I had fallen at the steps going into the Exam room.
A friend of mine was shouting at me in a group of juniors.
I felt ashamed one day when my teacher shouted at me in the presence of my boyfriend.
I was ashamed of being laughed at by my colleagues when I failed to answer a question in the classroom.
I was ashamed when my boyfriend went to sit with another girl when he invited me to come to watch Drama festival.
I was ashamed when I was being introduced to the church congregation.
My father who is very quiet discovered I was going out with a coloured boy. He called me names and was really upset.
I was ashamed when I got the lowest result (mark) in class. All the same I didn't worry too much because I knew I would have got much better if I had read enough.
I failed my Nutrition paper which was the paper ending the course.
I was walking one day and I met a man who wanted to ask me about my brother but I didn't stop to hear what he was saying. I was ashamed when I found him at home and he told my brother what had happened.
I was once chatting with friends. Then some boys came and joined us. These boys took all my 3 friends away and I was left alone in shame without knowing where to go from there.
I insulted my friend for a small reason and after time I realised that I was wrong and felt ashamed; everytime I meet her I feel ashamed.
When I refused to fetch water for my aunty while she was busy.
I was very ashamed when I failed a test in Standard 7. The teacher told the other students to shout and laugh at me.
When I wet my head (or bed ?) one day my sister discovered it and reported it to the other siblings. So my mother had to scold me.
I wore a dirty dress a certain day I was going to town I met an old friend who made a comment about my dress so I felt ashamed.
I was really shameful when my mother beat me in the presence of my friends because I didn't cook lunch up until 2 o'clock.
I was ashamed to tell my mother that I fell down with a bicycle.
When a certain drunk man slapped my buttocks when I was quietly standing waiting for a bus.
I was the last among the list of failures in my class of Biology.
Sometime back I was coming from the wards and lice were all over my uniform since patient's blankets have a lot of lice. It happened that my boyfriend picked some lice from my white uniform. I was so ashamed.
I flet shameful when I learnt that I cooked Nsima which was full of lamps in it.
I fell off a bike in the presence of a lot of people.
I just opened the bathroom without knocking not knowing that someone was bathing inside, it happened to be my father.
Did not finish homework.
Did not finish homework.
Saw the film about Eight Nations Army conquering Beijing.
Not having good marks like other people for homeworks.
Found out that I am not good at football.
My sister was afraid of her husband.
Sitting on the bus seats supposed for disabled people, children and old people (by mistake)
Not quick enough to help the lectors to catty things for the lecture.
Failing an examn.
Zhu Jianhau did not break the world record for China.
Not being able to be selected for the dancing team.
Not brave enough to take up a challenge in a group discussion.
Not being able to have a party at home with friends.
Being rude to somebody who was impolite to me.
Arguing about price with private shop-assistant.
Insulted by somebody.
Finding out from this lecture that China is backward in psychology.
Had to tell people that my parents are divorced.
After shouting at a friend.
China cannot let you give more lectures because you are needed in the specialist clinics. We are so backward in medicine.
Failing in an examn.
Failing in an examn because of lazyness.
Watching TV about china is behind in winning gold medals.
Failing university entrance examn.
Finding out that the university police was afraid to stop the foreign students playing loud music (China's shame).
Not being able to argue against class leaders.
Being insulted in public.
Failing an examn because I did not work hard enough.
Running away from a fire.
Went to a lecture about Chinese history and hear about the Opium War.
Insulted by a teacher in front of the class.
Finding out about Chinese money cannot buy foreign journals.
Saw a beggar on the street (China still so poor).
China cannot buy your reference.
Telling a lie.
Criticized in front of the class.
Not finishing my duty as a class leader.
Not finishing homework.
My father insulted by other people.
Not doing well in the examn.
My sister said I am not a stable person, and I think she is right.
When the class leader read out the names of those chosen for the English lecture and I was not on the list.
People impolite with me because I did not get a good report.
Not doing well in the examn.
Insulted by a woman in public.
Insulted by classmate in public.
Failed in a piblic argument.
Finding out that China is backward in science.
Not being able to answer question in a seminar.
I am chosen for the English lectures instead of my good friend and people told me that girls are more likely to be chosen.
Not doing well in the examn.
Saw on TV China not winning more gold medals in the Asian Olympics.
Being criticized by teacher in public.
China not winning more gold medals in the Asian Olympics.
Not doing well in an examn which was easy.
Not doing well in examns which I should do well (English examns).
China not doing well in the Asian Olympic games.
Finding out that China does not have enough foreign currency to buy books.
Finding out that I was deceived by my friend.
Finding out China is backward in science.
Being sexually assulted in public.
Criticized by a teacher in public.
First time going out with a boy and other people laughed at us.
Ctiticized by teachers in public.
I had obviously done the work badly but my class-mates of the student's association did not blame me, they helped me do the work.
In the compartment of a public transport railway, I did not give my seat to an old man who was standing near me.  It was another teenager who did so.
I did badly in the mid term examination.
In an examination ,which other students found easy I could hardly think and did not know what to answer.
When I was in the canteen of the United college I mistook a stranger for a classmate as I was not wearing my glasses.  I realized that I had made this mistake when I saw him again carefully.
My companion admired me when I did some work voluntarily.
When the teacher asked me a question, I did not know the answer and I just stood still for about a few minutes without saying a word.
During the lesson the teacher called me and asked me if I had reported that I was late.  I pretended that I had but looking at her eyes I knew that she knew that I was lying.  I thought that it was really bad luck that she had examined the list of the students who were late.
While dining with some accquaintances I was asked something which I should have known but I did not know.
I saw a bag on the street and just then a stranger passed by.  I picked up the bag immediately and gave it to the stranger as I thought that it belonged to him.  But it was not his bag and I felt ashamed.
During a lecture six students (including me) were asked to leave the class as we had not prepared for the lesson.  I felt ashamed and angry.
Our teacher had invited us to lunch and once at the canteen we started introducing ourselves.  Two of the boys showed a lot of interest in knowing personal details and then they started talking about some activities held in the college.  I had little interest in those activities so I talked to another student sitting next to me as I was afraid that they would ask me questions on those activities.
Acting in a play at the orientation camp made me feel timid.
When we received  our academic result I learnt that my  results were bad as I had not done my best.  The results of my accquaintances were good and when they asked me about my results I really did not want to answer.
After I had given the wrong answer to my students they pointed it out to me and I had to correct myself.
When I was young my mother told the neighbour that I had wet the bed.  I felt ashamed thinking that the neighbour's children would get to know about it.
I had lunch in a restaurant with a friend and I paid the bill.  The change was that of a two dollar and a ten cent coin.  As I was talking with my friend I took the two dollar coin and forgot to leave a tip.
I received the results of the test paper of my major subject and I found that my result was not as good as a classmate who had recently changed his major subject.    I felt very ashamed.
I lost my temper at my mother while she was teaching me.  I felt ashamed and sorry at having hurt my loving mother.
During a meeting I said something wrong and the others laughed at me.
My teacher said that being university studets we did not have any self-initiative or self-control.
I promised a friend that I would return a book to it's owner for him , but I forgot to do it.
When I was doing my homework at home, some relatives came and advised me to help my mother do the house-work.
During a meeting.
I could not finish my homework on time.
I had something wrong, saying wrong things and being impolite to someone, and this had embarrassed the this person.  And I still meet the person.
Once my presentation was the worst among my classmates as I had not prepared it well and had not seen it as important.  My presentation was so confused that it clearly showed my poor preparation.
Once in primary five, I had forgotten to take a book to class and the teacher punished me by asking me to stand at the back of the class.  I thought about the way my mother would react if she saw me being punished.  My mother was very good to me and though she did not see me punished, I felt sorry for her.
In a Christian gathering's lucky draw I mistook a girl's name for mine (a boy's name).  I realized my mistake only when I went up to the stage for the prize.  I did not know what to do as everyone was looking at me.  I blushed and went back to my seat.
One day, when I was sitting on the bus, there was an old woman standing beside me.  I was very tired and sleepy and did not think of giving her my seat.  A 50 year old woman who was sitting beside me got up and gave her seat to the old woman and said,  " Old woman, please take my seat, the youngstters these days are not used to giving their seats to others."  When I heard these words I was very ashamed of myself and wanted to get off the bus at once.  
When I was emotionally unstable I said things which may have hurt others or made them feel unhappy.  When I calmed down I realized that I had been selfish and had not taken into consideration the feelings of others.  Then I felt ashamed as someone pointed out my behaviour to me.
When I was young I felt ashamed when our relatives visited us and I hid myself.
One day I felt dizzy during a lecture.  When the lecturer asked us as to who had heard the fairy tale - I was the only one who put up his hand and this surprised the whole class.
It was discovered that I had received a warning letter as my G.P.A was very low.
During an informal discussion I contributed a lot even though I had not spent much time studying.  Whenever someone said that someone was not paying attention, or that he had too many other things to do, or that the persoon was not trying his best, I would feel ashamed.
On Christmas eve I went to a classmate's home with other classmates.  The next morning when I came out of the toilet she said something and I did not understand what she was saying.  When she pointed at my trousers I discovered that I had forgotten to zip them up.  I rushed back to the toilet but by the time the others had guessed what had happened.
I felt shame when I found that I was almost last in the exam.
I misunderstood a girl and thought that she loved me.  One day when I was talking to her, her boyfriend appeared and I felt ashamed.
When I was in F4 I led my class to a riot.  However the form master said that my conduct was good and asked me to tell him the names of those who had taken part in it.   I replied that I did not know.
My guilty behaviour was found out by others.
One day I was the leader of the weekly meeting of the Church fellowship.  That day I had been preparing for the exams and did not estimate the time to travel to the church right and I was twenty minutes late.  As I had not prepared well I led the meeting badly.  I was ashamed of myself.  
During the English lesson we were required to do a play.  A few days after doing it the teacher asked us to do it again at a meeting  and I forgot my part.
When I was in lower six I joined an interview group to interview the general public.  One of my friends in the group lost her purse and she was very nervous.  Five of us had to go another place so we left her, and planned to see her later.  Then I heard her describing how her purse looked.  I realized that I had seen her purse on the floor and had not wanted to do any thing about it. 
A few days back I had a tutorial class and the teacher randomly assigned one person in each group to make a presentation.  The discussion in our group had been confused and the presentation was not very well prepared.  Unfortunately I was selected to present and I could not keep calm, was confused and result was very poor.  I really felt ashamed.
My teacher reminded us not to do a Summer job, however I did it for two months.  Yesterday I was chatting with my teacher and when we talked of the Summer job, I felt ashamed.
One rainy day when the streets were wet, and as I was walking down a slope, I fell down out of my carelessness.  There were many people and they saw me, so I felt ashamesd.  Moreover I hurt my ankle and it was painful.
When I was in a bus on my way to the examination centre, a man    sitting opposite me kept looking at me continously.  I did not know  what was wrong.  When I reached the  centre I started strolling around  as I still had a little time.  Suddenly a man came and whispered "You  have forgotten to zip up your trousers."  I was at a loss to say anything  and I felt very embarrassed.  When I thought of the bus incident I felt  even more ashamed.
When I asked my classmate to teach me to do my homework, he asked me to study by myself first but I did not do it.  When he asked me  if I had studied, I felt very ashamed. 
Once a female classmate told me that the clothes I wore seemed to be a child's clothes.  On hearing this I felt a little ashamed and I criticized her clothes though there was nothing wrong with them.
I forgot to zip up my trousers, this was not noticed by anyone.
Being unable to stop urinating on the bus.
My friend had many female friends and I thought that they were his lovers.  I would scold him but he did not accept my advice.  Later I learnt from his girlfriends that this was not true.  I felt ashamed at having misunderstood him.
Last Summer I went camping with some C.U students.  As I was working then, I had to leave the second night (some of them had joined us the first night).  Next morning, 6 o'clock, a female classmate knocked on our door and tried to wake us up.  I was not fully conscious and I said something which I should not have.  I realized the trouble I had made and wanted to hide.  Later I said sorry to her and the matter came to an end.
I did not do the homework that the teacher had asked us to do.  I was scolded immediately.
